---
layout: post
title: "Week 394: Beautiful schlopp"
date: 2026-03-22
category: weaknotes
---
* Rise and shine.
* I am still feeling a bit under the weather from the virus I caught 2 weeks ago. Sleeping a lot, continual sinus pressure, phlegm. Lachie was away in Switzerland this week so every night after the kids went to sleep at about 8:30 I took myself directly to bed too. 
* Today's best drawing: Aristocrapts snake party. The snakes have top hats and monocles, and surround a multi-tiered birthday cake.
* The good thing about this blog is that, OK yeah I did use some Cursor to create a sidebar, for science, the body text is always gonna be 100% meat-made. Is it going to be well written? Useful? Interesting? Absolutely not, but at least you know these anodyne thoughts are coming to you by me painstakingly typing them out.
* Someone sent me an introduction meeting invite "Via Microsoft Co-pilot" this week. That's one way to make a first impression I guess!
* Can't believe some people choose to spend their singular wild and precious life posting to LinkedIn.
* Schlopp schlopp, beautiful schlopp, beautiful schlopp with a cherry on top.
* This weekend is going to be a 10/10. 
  * I've spent the last month making the space under the window in out bedroom into a reading nook. This has mainly involved making a padded foam seat for the bench and some cushions. Now E has discovered it and I'll often find her lying fully flat on her back reading her Tom Gates book in the sun.
  * I've finished knitting Lachie's storm sweater. It took me 2 months to knit - I had predicted 3, so not bad! 
  * I've started brewing kombucha after my brother-in-law gave me some a few weeks ago and I liked it.
  * On Saturday the whole fam went for a bike ride into town and then along the sea front to a café for lunch. Cycling in the sunshine with the kids is absolutely the perfect way to spend time. Then I went on to a paper marbling class in Shoreham-by-sea, which was extremely relaxing, although I'd venture to say it would have been _even more_ relaxing if the other people in the class hadn't kept saying "oooh isn't this relaxing" every 5 seconds.
  * The peas and beetroots have germinated, today I will plant the tomatoes.

