---
layout: post
title: "Week 385: Storm man"
date: 2026-01-17
category: weaknotes
---
* Only 15 weeks until my 400th weaknote. I'll be 39 by then. And have had our 10th wedding anniversary. And E will have turned 8.
* Running chat. I am slow. At park run I walk directly to the back of the pack and then I stay there, with all the other plodders. It's reassuring that some of the plodders are younger than me, and some are older and some are women and some are men. The Park Run website gives you your age grading (ie - for your age, are you fast or slow as a percentage) At 45.74% I am definitely slow. But... if I keep going and never slow down, I don't need to actually improve my speed to get a better age grading. Time is going to do that work for me. So with this in mind I did some maths to work out how old I have to be to be the same speed I am now, but have the same age grading as Lachie currently does. And it turns out if I maintain my current pace until I am 80 years old, I will be as good as him. So! Great! See you in 40 years! 
* On Thursday at 1am Chaz woke us up by barfing. Beginning 2 days off school with him flopping around looking rather peely-wally. So far nobody else has gotten sick and I remain optimistic. Half of his class seemed to be out with this bug. I'm sure it is nothing to do with the running water being broken at the school in the earlier part of the week.
* I've cast on the Petite Knit Storm Man Sweater, the first thing I've ever knit for Lachie. I think it will take me at least 3 months to knit, but maybe 6. Ready right in time for summer. The reason I decided to finally knit Lachie a jumper is because I kept seeing men in nice jumpers and thinking - cor that jumper looks great - and then I realised I could significantly increase my chances of seeing a man in some nice knitwear if I knit a sweater for Lachie. _You must be the change you want to see in the world_. This sweater is also available as a woman's pattern meaning the avenue of me and Lachie having matching jumpers is available should I want to pursue that aesthetic.