---
layout: post
title: "Week 395: Bird ladies"
date: 2026-03-29
category: weaknotes
---
* Good day my beauties.
* Sometimes you're on top of things, and sometimes they are on top of you.
* Friday night Lachie spent the night being violently sick. Seems like food poisoning, only we both ate the same thing all day, so hard to see why I'm fine. [Because my immune system is so tonks perhaps? All that kombucha maybe?]
* My first brew of kombucha is done, bottled and ready to carbonate. Lachie says it smells of vinegar and he does not like it. All the more booch for me baby! And every person that comes to my house. You're all going to be forced to try it.
* Went to Ye Olde Mitre on Weds with a former colleague and it was very theraputic. Lots of deep laughs. Some very good advice which I executed the next day. Wednesday night was the night the temperature plummeted so we were shivering like frail little bird ladies by the end. Ye Olde Mitre is a funky little place isn't it?
* I've been collecting envelope privacy patterns for the last 5 years. Rarely find a new one these days but if you're sat on any ancient envelopes, we here at alicebartlett.co.uk would love to take them off your hands! What is my plan for these many many pieces of patterned paper? your guess is as good as mine.
* Last week I marbled a load of paper. One of the traditional uses for marbled paper is book binding. Separately I've been thinking about how to handle these (now eight) years of weaknotes, maybe take them off of the internet and put them somewhere else?
* Anyway, these two ideas bumped into each other (to quote Matt Webb) and so now I think I'm going to print and then book bind my weaknotes. I've sent the first year to a printers for a trial (it cost me £13.43), and if it doesn't suck then I'll print them all.
* "These people have not consented to be bit-players in my self indulgent psychodrama" - Stuart Lee talking about why he doesn't talk about his family on stage/during press, but also a good thing to consider when writing weeknotes - although I will admit Stuart Lee has a slightly larger following than alicebartlett.co.uk.

