---
layout: post
title: "Week 393: Aristocrapts"
date: 2026-03-15
category: weaknotes
---
* I used cursor to give this blog a side-bar. It took about 20 minutes to get it how I liked which is definitely less time that it would have taken me to push the problem through my grey matter. I don't know. It's the future! Take it!
* [John Allsopp on AI and the paradigm shift](https://webdirections.org/blog/the-structure-of-engineering-revolutions/). 
* [Mark Ridley on a year of using agents](https://ridley.co/articles/2026/02/19/augmented-engineering-for-grown-ups/)
* [Matt Jones on clocks and AI](https://petafloptimism.com/2026/03/14/gas-town-and-bullet-hell/)
* I was ill at the beginning of the week so I watched a whole 3ish hour Tony Blair documentary in one sitting. I guess this is what it's like to be middle aged. 
* I turned 39 this week and to my great pleasure I have a birthday twin in the office, so we bought a massive cake for everyone 🐟
* On Wednesday I went to Hackney Wick and enjoyed Russell's birthday. Phil and I got there early and had a timely pizza and a good chat before the wait for pizzas stretched to an hour and the room got a bit too noisy for a good chat. 
* I took Thursday off so I could avoid the brutal home by midnight back out again at 7 that the double office day requires. I also took Friday off because I am really self-indulgent.
* [SLEB SPOTTING] I've seen a lot of famous people in the last few months. Louis Theroux in thr dark on a bike with no lights, Maisie Adam strolling through Soho, Helena Bonham Carter in our office building, and this weekend, Katie Price outside my kids swimming lesson.
* Wee man has been playing a lot of Mariokart and he keeps unlocking new outfits for his characters through picking up "smiley bags" as the kids call them. One of the themes for outfits is "Aristocrat", although he pronounces it "Aristocrapt". He doesn't know what an aristocrat is so he keeps telling me facts about them that don't make any sense:
  * Aristocrapts like to have meetings(?)
  * Aristocrapts like to look at you very closely through one eye [because they have monocles]
  * Aristocrapts make me think of a word in my head and that word is... _"important"_


