---
layout: post
title: "Week 389: Cool bean"
date: 2026-02-14
category: weaknotes
---
* Sometimes when I hug one of the kids I imagine a rip in time that connects every hug I've ever given them sequentially to every hug I will ever give them. And that hug is just in the middle of this long chain of hugs. The kids DO NOT find this interesting when I tell them about it. lol.
* The winter olympics always remind me of the big one being born because she was just a few weeks old when they started so we watched a lot of them while gazing into the face of our strange new family member.
* "Mam I never want to drink fizzy water because it feels like my mouth is being electroputed when I drink fizzy water". I love the feeling of having my mouth electroputed, but it is not for everyone.
* I don't think I am a particularly spoilt baby but the way I feel about my new workplace not having a fizzy water tap...
* "Mam, I'm a cool bean, E is a clever cookie, you're a good egg, and daddy is a big cheese". Personally, I think I am the big cheese but it's nice to know Chaz simply views me as a good egg. 
* A poem about my children:

> I'm not a toilet flusher, I'm a toilet flusher's son
> I'm not going to flush the toilet, I'll just leave that to my mum
> I'm not a toilet flusher, I'm a toilet flusher's daughter,
> I'm not going to flush the toilet, I don't want to waste the water

* I do think there is a line of art for toilets in the above. Could go along with the other thing I often think about with is a little card that says "We don't pee in your pool so please don't swim in our toilet!"
* Feeling a bit February this week. Fantasizing about being completely flat to the point of disappearing as I fall asleep.