---
layout: post
title: "Week 78: Tiny bald overlord"
date: 2020-02-29
category: weaknotes
---
* Welcome back to another edition of... Bleaknotes.
* Greetings from planet flu where everyone has the flu and nobody is allowed to sleep because the tiny bald overlord keeps falling out of bed and then refusing to sleep unless somebody else is in the room.
* I threw up into the laundry bin but there was still laundry in it.
* Quick question - what do you think £60 per day nursery place buys you? Answer - a nursery that is Ofsted rated "outstanding" but they leave loose stanley knife blades on the (2 ft high) wall of the children's play area, and (as previously noted) make arbitrary decisions about if they should give your kid her medication or not (both of these matters have been resolved satisfactorily).
* Who knows how the blades got there - we are very strict with our 2 year old. Stanley knife blades stay *inside your backpack* unless you need to open any big boxes OK?
* I am watching The Morning Show because Russell and Nat both like it and they are good at watching telly.
* It is very good! It's thrilling to see Jennifer Aniston playing a role where she's not the hot girl next door (I think I've only ever seen her in Friends and possibly "Marly and Me")
* Wowowowwo AppleTV on the laptop is _so bad_. Took me ages to even work out how to sign up, and now it's buggy, doesn't remember where I last watched to, forgets I have paid for a subscription and doesn't work with the chromecast.
* Is Reese Witherspoon good at acting?
* Corey Ellison is a great character. I am very afraid that he is going to turn out to be a sexual predator.
* Someone VERY IMPORTANT at work saw a draft of a thing I had written and said they were impressed. Tragically they don't know it was me that wrote it, but I will find a way to work that out - subliminal messaging seems like a good option. Skywriting? Find out their uuid for FT.com and then alter some news stories to include "it was Alice"? Suggestions welcome.
