---
layout: post
title: "Week 172: Postictal State"
date: 2021-12-18
category: weaknotes
---

* [Screeeeeech vibe change!] After a seizure, people fall into a "postictal state". In baby C this usually lasts  quite a while and he is just very sleepy. I also experience a change in mental state. Mainly characterised by exhaustion, nausea, anxiety and forgetfulness. So last weekend was a lot of that, and it carried on in some form until about Wednesday.
* On Monday we wound up the Next Generation Board Class of 2020 (and extended through 2021). Despite the prevailing covid-laced wind, eight of us managed to meet up for lunch and later drinks. I think it was the most fun I've had all year at the FT (despite the postictal state). We hadn't all met as a group before so, after two years of working together, it was pretty intense to be together in one place. Some of the _real_ board members also showed up for a drink too, which I appreciated given how old the all are. (I am a bit drunk)
* The work week was very disrupted by C being sent home from nursery again, and the resulting juggling of work and childcare.
* E (nearly four) asked Lachie last night, after a nightmare, "Daddy, are soldiers real? ... soldiers that cut people?". So idk who has been telling her about soldiers that cut people but THANKS MATE. (nb almost certainly another four year old at her nursery)
* I've got big plans for this weekend and the beginning of the Christmas break. I've ordered a carpet cleaner from HSS to sort out the carpets in our house. There is a poop stain in the living room which I have mentioned before, but also many miscellaneous stains from the previous owners that I don't want to look at anymore. Please advise if you've used a carpet cleaner. Any tips?
* I have also ordered some paint to sort the upstairs bathroom, which has been decorated using the wrong type of paint so leaks brown water when it gets too humid in there (A daily occurrence)
* We have solar panels now, and already, on sunny winter days they are generating all of our energy usage. So that's nice. Well done Lachie for getting that sorted. The fitter told me baby C had "soulful eyes" which I also loved him for.
* Gave "not doing the cryptic crossword over lunchtime" a go this week, just to change up the energy. Let me tell you, it sucked. I love doing the crossword over the course of the week. Popping down for a cup of tea in the day and getting a clue and then showing off about it. Sitting together and smashing through a couple over soup and crusty rolls. Never doing that again.
* I finished my "Dave" socks. They're... fine. They remind me of a colleague who _always_ used to wear knitted green socks because of being in the Army or something?(Greg Cope, hello if you're reading this). Next time I'm going to make them in a funner yarn that wouldn't be appropriate for combat or patrol.
* I'm on the "just f'ing run" part of couch to 5k now, and finding the interjections from Jo Wiley a bit annoying as they break my concentration.
