---
layout: post
title: "Week 150: Sludge"
date: 2021-07-17
category: weaknotes
---
* We have finally moved house out of the bad rented house and into the great house that we started buying four months ago.
* The movers were very friendly and nice to have around but also a bit rubbish at the job of taking our possessions from one place and putting them in another without damaging them.
* I took the week off to deal with moving house and have a little holiday.
* There is a lot to do. So far it's mostly been the chores of Alice vs Nature. I swept the patio so hard I spit the broom. I pulled up the pond filter and removed a lot of sludge. I removed all the dead flies from the conservatory.
* The flows of objects in and out of rooms gets extremely disturbed when you move house, obviously. Right now every room has something or many things in it that aren't supposed to be. I'm in the living room looking at the baby sterilising box and wondering why it's in here, but also, where *should it be?*. Eventually we'll reach an equilibrium of things in their right place and things in their wrong place. And there will be bits of the house that attract things in their wrong place, like the shelf in the hall where the posts and keys and masks all end up, and the bits and bobs drawer. Lachie and I will resume our patterns of picking things up from the wrong place and putting them in or closer to the right place. And the kids will keep being the agents of chaos that children are.
* We saw five young foxes playing in the garden, presumably the residents of the absolutely massive foxhole under one of the many giant shrubs. "What a lot of nature we must have to be able to sustain five predators like that" I thought, before I remembered that foxes just eat human rubbish.
* On Wednesday I went for a swim in the sea with Lachie, what a treat!
* On Thursday I went into town and picked up a lawn edger, a dibber and a spaghetti scoop from a junk shop for £5!
* On Friday I got a haircut and went to the bank, then at lunchtime we got the call that someone in C's class at nursery had Covid. So, that's ten days of him off nursery and me and Lachie juggling the work and childcare. 🙃 At least I've got good hair.
* Baby C is all better after last week's massive and awful drama. I'm feeling better too. E keeps asking me questions: "Did the ambulance bring you home?", "Was C OK when he was in hospital?", "Did you miss me when you were in hospital?".
