---
layout: post
title: "Week 129: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
date: 2021-02-20
category: weaknotes
---
* Lads, a lot of things happened this week. I feel a bit dizzy.
* More reckons on framing Britney: Wow how absolutely horrible we all were to young famous (and not famous presumably) women in the 00s. I think we're... better now? are we? Is that naive? Also - what has "LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE" guy got to say about all this? has anyone asked him? [Oh yes, here's what he reckons](https://www.buzzfeed.com/larryfitzmaurice/chris-crocker-leave-britney-alone-on-framing-britney-spears).
* I listened to the first episode of "[Sentimental in the City](https://play.acast.com/s/sentimentalgarbage/sentimentalinthecity1-sex-thecity-seasonone)" - A SATC podcast with the very pleasant voiced and erudite Dolly Alderton and Caroline O'Donoghue. It was funny and despite being two hours long (!) I listened to it all in one go.
* Baby C has this cute little wonky commando crawl he does now and it's extremely adorable.
* When I was a teenager, I thought "going commando" meant "wearing camouflage print underpants".
* I had a really great chat with Rebecca this week. She has a very good webcam and it really made a difference to how talking to her felt. I think I'm going to get a good webcam and make my WFH set up really noice too.
* I got the job I had an interview for 2 weeks ago! It's a seven month post as Tech Director for Customer Products covering for shared parental leave. Tech Director is an entirely different job to Principal Engineer, one I might fundamentally not enjoy, so I'm glad I get to try it without the full commitment of having the job long term.
* I watched a lot of Married at First Sight Australia this week after several people told me it's good. It's terrible of course but well executed.
* I got quite an alarming email on Wednesday to say I'm now on the updated "clinically vulnerable" list for covid-19. That came as a shock because apart from getting gestational diabetes with my first pregnancy there is nothing clinically interesting about me. I was left wondering if the new model was shonky, there was a mistake in my medical records, or maybe I genuinely am extra vulnerable? Of course, I phoned my GP and they were like ¯/\_(ツ)\_/¯
* Anyway, it does mean I can be vaccinated next week. So we're doing that.
* I think we're very close to getting an exchange and completion date for our house, it's going to mean that in the same three week stretch I'll
  * Move family to a new city
  * Return from shared parental leave
  * Start a new job
* 🎢
