---
layout: post
title: "Week 164: The refuse workers"
date: 2021-10-23
category: weaknotes
---
* Last weekend our beautiful friends Sam and Lizzy came to stay with their beautiful children. We had a very good weekend together, playing, resting, eating, being.
* My body has stopped working so well lately. I've got a little bit of a hip thing, and a strange toungue ulcer that seems to have lasted for ages, and I keep getting something I'll call "crunchy neck". Probably these are all stress related but I hate being a person who is stressed. It's not my personal brand. I'm a woman who laughs while eating salad. Anyway, instead of looking at the root causes of this stress which is going to largely be a load of things I can't change, I've just decided to do some exercise, and that exercise is couch to 5k. So far I've done couch to 3.47k. I'm tracking my runs on strava but please don't add me unless you're also shit at running.
* Work has been absurd lately. I can't bear to write much more than that.
* Yelled "HOP OFF MY DICK!!!" in a work meeting to lighten the mood. It worked but also when a manager once told me that leaders have to be quite bland to be successful I'm pretty sure they meant "Don't yell HOP OFF MY DICK in meetings, k?"
* It felt great.
* I am mentally drafting a leaving speech for the much adored Chief Product and Technology Officer at the FT, her last day is next Wednesday. Dare me to say "Big Dick Energy" in front of the CEO?
* As usual, maybe everything's not terrible, maybe I'm just about to get my period? Since I don't really leave the house anymore I haven't had to deal with the indignity of ~menstruating in public~. The very idea of being in the office and having a period. Awful! Maybe I should set up a club... to support office workers having periods... we could call it [Tampon.club](https://tampon.club).
* The refuse workers are no longer refusing to work! [The bin strike is over]
* Update: it was my period. lol. know thyself.
* This morning wee man had another seizure (his fourth) and it was a doozy so we got a ride in an ambulence. He's OK again now and we're home. I feel very tired. The Doctor said he had lovely eyelashes (subjective) and a large head (objective fact). He gets the eyelashes from his dad, and he gets the seizures from him too. Swings and roundabouts.
