---
layout: post
title: "Week 199: Live and die in confluence"
date: 2022-06-25
category: weaknotes
---
* Hello to everyone except some members of the US Supreme Court.
* My daughter is starting school in September. The classes in the year are named after creatures beginning with the letter "B". I know what has happened, they let the kids pick the names. Do you want to know what they are? Bugs, beetles, bumblebees.
* You know how I know I am a fuckin' nerd? It's by how irritating I find the confusion of these names to be. A "bug" is often just slang for "insect" which is I think how the children (those tiny idiots!!!) are using it, but "true bugs" are an _order_ of insects (hempitera) that contains bed bugs, aphids, cicadas etc. A "beetle" is anything of the order coleoptera, meaning "sheath-winged". Maybe, _maybe_ i will accept that by "bugs" they meant the order "true bugs", in which case beetles and bugs are two sets that do not intersect. However I don't think these four year olds are that smart. Finally we move on to something that is definitely a problem which is that bumblebee is covers over 250 creatures in the *genus* _bombus_. All bumblebees are of the _order_ Hymenoptera. Hymenoptera includes bees, ants and other "membrane winged" insects. These kids could have kicked their class name up the hierarchy a little way by simply calling themselves "bees", however there are no other orders of insect that begin with a B so that's where it would have to stop. Anyway. There. I'm going to encourage E to get elected to school council and they can overhaul their janky class name system for something more rigourous.
* [Joe Malia voice] I am bristling with blog posts [/end Joe Malia voice]. They are coming from writing a load of blog posts for my colleagues and then thinking "these cannot just live and die in confluence".
