---
layout: post
title: "Week 208: Tall boys, taller boys"
date: 2022-08-27
category: weaknotes
---
* Saturday: We went to a party. I meant to stay for an hour since we didn't know the hosts (parents of a child in E's new class) but then it was so chill and fun I stayed for five hours. When the kids are happy playing together and you've got a beer... that's amore.
* I don't think I've ever met a welcome I couldn't outstay. Invite me to your house and find out!
* Sunday: took the kids swimming. C gets peeped by the lifeguard for going head first down the baby slide. He doesn't seem to realise he can't swim? And will drown if nobody is at the bottom of the slide to catch him? In the bath one of C's fave games is to stand up and just fall straight forward into the water. It's incredibly dangerous! I don't know how to get him to stop!!
* He's an 8 but he says "furry muff" instead of "fair enough".
* He's an 8 but he uses the phrase "that there london town".
* Coming back to work from two weeks of holiday was, as usual, rough. I spent 3 hours not being able to log in to my fucking computer because it turns out I had my username wrong. Incredibly embarrassing. It was two days of solid meetings, and then C threw up overnight and so _again_ _again_ _again_ we had to change our work plans to take care of him.
* Unlike the [last time](/blog/week-201) the sickness passed quickly and didn't pass on to anyone else.
* On Friday nursery was closed so we decided to go camping for the long weekend with Sam and Lizzy and their kids.
* The campsite was a miss for me. Very very big, super dusty, with packs of ferral kids roving around. It was just not very relaxing. The company was exceptional as usual.
* We visited hastings and I took the kids on the miniture railway. E thought it was too noisy but C loved it. When he really enjoys something he just goes really quiet and focussed. I love it.
* We went to Bedgebury Pinetum again. Pine trees. I'm telling you, they're so good. Such variety, tall boys, taller boys, ones that look like wizards, curly boys, floppy boys, chubby boys, hairy boys. And then you have the tree eggs! We walked around looking for good tree eggs and eating blackberries and occasionally losing each other and yelling "Marco, where are you?!", "Polo, where are you?!".
