---
layout: post
title: "Week 179: I fixed his printer"
date: 2022-02-05
category: weaknotes
---
* It's Sunday and I have just found out the sore throat is in fact a novel corona virus originating two years ago in Wu-Han and then circling round and round and round the globe until finally finding: me. I am banished to the bedroom and now Lachie has to look after the kids on his own for at least 5 days.
* After a big of a faff caused by me repeatedly dropping the double pointed needles down the side of the car seat, I have finally finished my second pair of socks! [They are on Ravelry in more technical detail] but FWIW they are the [Dots and Dashes socks](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/dots-and-dashes-socks) by Aimee Sher. The yarn is [from my local knitting shop Yak](https://yarnandknitting.com/beehive-yarns-pattern-inspiration/).
* Last Thursday neighbour (77) asked me if I could help her with her parking permit application as she couldn't work out how to get the picture off her phone and onto her computer. I was about to start three hours of meetings, followed immediately by a four hour drive to Macclesfield so I guiltily said the soonest I could help her was Monday. On Monday lunch time I popped round and found she was out but her husband (87) had a different computer problem for me to look at which was that he couldn't print anything. I fixed his printer for him (it had fallen off the network and I just needed to push a few buttons) and he was so grateful he said I could take one of his paintings. I felt a bit overwhelmed from the choice, but I assured him I would be back at a later date to collect. Nice chap.
* Edith told me her favourite smell is chocolate croissants and made this face when she did it 🥰 rip me.
