---
layout: post
title: "Week 221: A Complete Loser"
date: 2022-11-27
category: weaknotes
---
* I had some annual leave to use up so this week I had a week off.
* Monday: I own, like, 50 house plants. Probably. Too many. It's a lot. Today I repotted a few. I know, conventional wisdom is not to repot in November. Everybody knows that. But a few of them were looking a little sad so I did it anyway. My string of hearts was incredibly root bound. Just a brick of roots. I pulled it all apart a bit and cut it back from metres and metres to about 20cm. Hopefully it will survive. I also took a lot of cuttings.
* Since we've had cavity wall insulation our house has become warmer, sure, but also, more humid. Sorry. Not interesting but if anyone wants to @ me about dehumidfication strategies, please do.
* [This research about how things could be different via Russell is v good.](https://experimentalhistory.substack.com/p/things-could-be-better)
* Tuesday: I failed my driving theory test. The theory! [Malcolm Gladwell voice] _Nobody fails the theory!_. I guess this is what it feels like to be a complete loser. Wow. Not to try and blame anyone but myself for this but it was the hazard perception test that I failed. The pass mark is 50% and I got less than that. Given I am able to exist and pretty much drive a car without my driving instructor mashing his brake or grabbing the wheel, I think maybe I was doing the clicking part of the test incorrectly not the hazard perceiving part. Anyway - we ride again at dawn (I will retake this ASAP).
* (Weird flex but OK) because I am rly gd @ computers I managed to rebook my theory for Saturday and am relieved to say I passed, scoring literally approximately 30 more points on hazard perceiving than the previous go. Confirming that I was clicking wrong not perceiving hazards wrong.
* Wednesday: I finished sewing a pair of jade green wool trousers. They are very nice and I will certainly be wearing them to work soon.
* Thursday: I had lunch with Tom at Club Mexicana. The waiter brought over Tom's soft serve and said "sorry - I've only brought one spoon" and I immediately said "that's ok, he only has one mouth." Not at all weird. Well done me. I got chocolate churros sauce on my new wool trousers. Welp. The company was extraordinary as usual.
* Also Thursday: I went to see my brother and sister-in-law in [The Burnt City](https://onecartridgeplace.com/theburntcity/). If you've been, you'll remember my sister-in-law, she is the absolutely shredded woman with long red hair and a very intense stare. Tim is a bit harder to pull out as he looks quite a lot like a bunch of the other actors. In the show we went to see I got to see a lot of him doing quite involved dancing, smearing fake blood over himself and slapping some fake intestines around. I took one of my best friends from school (Hi Kyle) who, of course, knows my brother too, particularly because we're twins.
* If you're wondering, here are some insider facts about the show:
  * Tim has to eat a lot of beetroot in the intestines scene
    * sometimes the beetroot has gone off
  * There are two scenes where people eat eyeballs - those are lychees
  * The fake blood is a mix of detergent and some other things, it's not edible so when it gets in people's eyes, up their noses and in their mouths - that's really bad!
  * In The Drowned Man, the previous Punch Drunk show, the fake blood was not toxic to eat, and smelt like chocolate.
  * For new years, you can go and see The Burnt City and then the whole place turns into a club where you can celebrate New Years Eve. You can only buy tickets if you've been to see the show twice already
  * In January tickets are half price
* Friday: ouef.
* Saturday: I went to a cafe with E and she did a word search and I literally cried every time she read a word correctly. How is she so big.
