---
layout: post
title: "Week 260: Saltdean"
date: 2023-08-26
category: weaknotes
---
* On Monday I took the day off because somebody needed to look after E (as it is still the summer holidays). I decided that we wouldn't do anything fun and instead I would clean the mouldy conservatory and throw out the mouldy blinds and she would have to entertain herself like kids did in the old days. I gave her a card that entitled her to three games of OutFoxed redeemable at any point in the day.
* It took me 4 hours to clean the conservatory. Wow it was disgusting.
* On Friday I also spent the day looking after E and this time we had a grand day out that included:
  * Taking all the 2ps we could find to Brighton Pier (E won a toy from one of the machines- what a thrill)
  * Getting a bus to Rottingdean beach for chips and rock climbing
  * Going to Saltdean lido which was a bit cold tbh but still fun
  * Doing some geocaching on the way back
* Since I came back from holiday I've felt hugely burdened by how much stuff there is everywhere in our house. Not like super-hoarder levels of stuff but just... you know... too much and especially too much because _two people in this family spend their lives moving objects from one place to another and then leaving them there_.
* Going back to work from a holiday is the worst. I take my summer holidays two weeks at a time purely to reduce the number of times I have to go back to work from them.
* Since I started working four days a week I've felt much happier and less stressed (although, uh, still, um, operating at quite a high frequency but that's, you know, more sort of fundamentally um my personality, you know). This has meant that I accidentally didn't take any holiday between January and August and I was totally fine.
