---
layout: post
title: "Week 245: annoyance incident"
date: 2023-05-13
category: weaknotes
---
* hiya
* I'm skirting being ill? just walking the edge of it.
* Quite an annoying week at home as we're having a heat pump fitted and it has involved a lot of re-plumbing and re-wiring which has been very disruptive. Hopefully everybody will clear off next week.
* A good week otherwise.
* I started knitting a vest a few weeks ago but at somewhere around the underboob region I realised was using the wrong yarn weight by quite a considerable difference. I picked up the correct yarn this week and unraveled all of my wrong knitting.
* My driving instructor told me I am "close" to being able to pass my test which is true but hides the important fact that my velocity in closing that gap is basically zero.
* On Wednesday I went to Russell's Interesting Dinner. It was great! Nice to hear Matt gets all the same #momfulencer instagram content as me (helicopters vs lighthouses), A good re-tread over what it means if you wear a thumb ring  with Max (unprintable), a christian side-hug with Denise, the latest Pepsi news from Anna, and some insight into what the Telegraph reckons about the royal family from Ben (it's exactly what you think and it made me want to lobotomise myself)
* On Thursday I went to a pottery class and pinched out a mug, and threw (with some careful coaching) a wobbly bobbly plant pot. I hope they survive the kiln. Everybody else in the class made some very cool but maximalist items but I was keen to achieve something structurally sound, useful, and easy to clean. Let's see what survives the kiln!
* Also on Thursday I had some speaker coaching provided for free by StaffPlus. It was good. I think I'm good at giving talks but I also think I could be better! The main things that resonated with me were about interacting with the audience more by actually looking at them (lol). Something to try!
* On Friday I had, for the first time in approximately a year, a work day with zero meetings. I spent the whole day working on my StaffPlus talk. Lachie very generously listened to a bit I was trying to smash together and gave me some great feedback about which bits didn't make sense. I realised I was holding on to too many of my darlings and so started a completely new deck and moved across only the bits that formed the narrative arc.
* Woman and voice of passivity involved in annoyance incident. I find the passive voice highly annoying.
