---
layout: post
title: "Week 244: Wear spots"
date: 2023-05-08
category: weaknotes
---
* Alright.
* After [last week's crack pipe discovery](https://alicebartlett.co.uk/blog/weaknotes-243) on Monday morning I left C to eat his peanut butter toast only to return to him minutes later spitting out his food all over himself the table. When I started to clean him up I followed a trail of what I thought was peanut butter until it ended at his nappy... and I realised it was... his own poo. I can only assume that, like me, he had confused his poo with peanut butter.
* After _that_ C dropped is stick in the pond, and fell in after it while attempting to reach it. I had to pull him out by his arm. He absolutely cannot swim. He got a lung full of pond water but nothing some cuddles couldn't resolve.
* So to recap - crack pipe, ate his own poo, near death experience all in 48 hours.
* School is trying to end me with these dress-up days. Since September we've had:
  * wear red
  * world book day
  * wear spots
  * dress as an historical figure
  * dress as a super hero
  * dress as a number (?)
  * wear pyjamas
  * wear a hat
  * dress as an animal
  * wear red, white and blue for the coronation.
* We went to my parent's house this is weekend and on the way back we stopped at Goodwood (which is the mid point between our house and theirs). On the way in a very high-on-his-own-supply security guard asked us where we were going (the café) and told us _not to take any pictures_. When we got to the café we saw a load of Mercedes super cars racing. It felt quite cool in that we had discovered some secret event. Chaz loved it.
* Last Monday Frances, Alex and Monica came to Brighton and we got some lunch and went for a stroll, and I got to pretend to be a cool woman who doesn't spend her life wondering how much poo or pond water it is safe to ingest before a doctor should be called. I think it's probably been three or four years since I saw these folks and it was really good to see them again.
* Monarchy business: utter cringe.
* Saw a sparrowhawk eating a dead pigeon in the garden. Cool 👍
