---
layout: post
title: "Week 316: Clippered head"
date: 2024-09-21
category: weaknotes
---
* The other day, I was walking up the road to collect Chaz from his last day of nursery, and I had forgotten it was his _last_ day until five minutes prior and so I had gone into Sainsbury's to pick up some Celebrations. And I was feeling kinda bad because what a shit mum for only getting a shitty box of shitty chocolates after my kids had gone to that nursery for 4 years. _And then_ I thought - well if I was a Dad people would be like "what a great dad for remembering to bring a present." and they _would not_ be thinking "where is the card? and why is this present so cheap and clearly just some shit from Sainsbury's that you only just thought about". So I think we can all have a little think about the differing standards placed on mums vs dads. Some of which, we place on ourselves.
* I harvested 3.5kg of grapes. I froze some (for science), dried some in the oven (terrible, sour raisins), and made some grape jam with the rest (piquant!).
* Lachie has gone cyclo-backpacking for a few days with his best pal. I hope they talk about their god damn feelings at some point. Who'd be a hetro man eh?
* While lachie was away I did all the things he doesn't like because they are the wrong kind of messy. I cut the kids hair! I let them put hair-chalk in it! I agreed to paint their nails. After lunch we went into town and they looked bloody amazing.
* I have complicated but ordinary feelings about Chaz's clippered head.
* I bought an apple watch. Finally able to make some jokes about closing the rings.
* I bought a serger - this thing is a beast. I am actually terrified of it.
* I am such a dum dum for not going in the sea more before the last of the good weather.
