---
layout: post
title: "Week 296: Offal"
date: 2024-05-04
category: weaknotes
---
* Lachie has a very treasured pair of navy blue adidas jogging bottoms that he wears as often as he can. He likes them because of the following features:
  * Polycotton inner lining for above the knee
  * "Silky" (polyester) lining below the knee
  * Navy blue (ie not a loud colour)
  * Baggy
  * Elasticated waist
* About a year ago they passed a point of decay that I consider acceptable. Several weird burn holes, huge rip in the knee that goes all the way down the shin. I like finding clothes on the internet so for months I've been trying to find a replacement pair. Depop, ebay, a new pair from Adidas. I even asked ChatGPT. Adidas no longer make this style, and (i think because they are a kind of shitty pair of trousers tbh) nobody is selling them on Depop.
* However. I have finally found the source. Beyond Retro. My guy has, not the same pair, but a pair that meets all of his requirements. And they only cost me £15.
* I've kicked off the school business to get everyone trained by the hospital nurse (ily Laura!) to give C medication if he has a seizure. He's starting in September but getting it all organised might take a while. I absolutely do not know how to behave when asking the school for things, I don't want to be too demanding, ever, because teaching is hard, They are not paid enough, and there must be an incredible number of very entitled parents in knocking about making unreasonable demands. I've seen them on the class WhatsApp. But also... er... my guy needs his medication? Would it be OK if I could just slip you this healthcare plan? Only if you have time of course! you're not too busy! thank you! sorry! he's fine really!
* I got [Offal](https://offaloffaloffal.com/) as part of my [Stack Subscription](https://www.stackmagazines.com/) and it was great! I've already posted it on to Chee who I think will appreciate it.
* [Princess complaining that her diamond shoes are too tight voice] The garden is out of control. I spent six hours chopping away at various weeds and you literally cannot tell.
* May is the best month in Brighton. This weekend E and I went to all of the artists open houses in Hanover. I picked up some nice prints and once again thought I might be someone who might buy an actual painting but then did not.
