---
layout: post
title: "Week 327: Domain specific language"
date: 2024-12-07
category: weaknotes
---
* How upsetting is it that there are SIX sounds for "oo" in English? Before I list them, why not have a little think and see how many you can come up with. A fun treat.
* I know this blog is mostly just things my kids say, but look! I've done you a phonics quiz. Content!
* It was a big week in the ol' catchment debacle in that Brighton and Hove CC agreed to go into an 8 week consultation period on their proposed changes to secondary school admissions. I watched my first ever council meeting. Cor there's a lot of ceremony isn't there. Lots of domain specific language.
* I support the proposal.
* Don't ask me about this unless you want me to bore on about it for a very long time.
* One of my fave games to play with the kids while we're walking is to say "Everybody! Red or Blue? THREE TWO ONE..." and then everybody yells their favourite thing. And when all three of you yell "RED!" it's really satisfying.
* We've redecorated E's room and it is so lovely.
* Errr. Did something happen to bowling shoes? I went bowling the other day for a kids party and everybody wore their own shoes and acted like that was totally normal. Are my kids never going to experience hiring bowling shoes?
* Last week I ran an away day for the tech leads in the team that I am the tech director of. Someone suggested a mice pie rating contest as an "ice breaker" which I organised with Tatiana. The winner was the bread ahead mince pie from borough market. Very conclusively. However the bread ahead mince pies were £3 each, so. You get what you pay for.
* oo
  1. Book, look, took, shook ...
  2. Floor, door ...
  3. Blood, flood ...
  4. Brooch ...
  5. Too, shoo, igloo ...
  6. Co-op [idk if this one counts tbh]
