---
layout: post
title: "Week 330: Galapagos"
date: 2024-12-28
category: weaknotes
---
* I hope you all had a good Christmas.
* Mine was really wonderful. Lots of family over and I cooked Christmas dinner with my mum who is a really knowledgable cook but also, critically, has the same opinions as me about eg the right way to cut carrots. Probably not a coincidence as I grew up eating her carrots which were of, of course, cut length-ways into batons. Cooking with mum was really a highlight. Thanks mum!
* Chaz got a large 3D printed race track (AKA "race mountain") which Lachie has been working on for months. He is the happiest guy in Brighton right now and will remain so for the foreseeable.
* E's top gift was [Charlie and The Christmas Factory](https://www.waterstones.com/book/charlie-and-the-christmas-factory/roald-dahl/rikin-parekh/9780241618776?sv1=affiliate&sv_campaign_id=626889&awc=3787_1735467733_ef727f78b2e1b1e2168ff056fe752cf9&utm_source=626889&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_campaign=adstrong) which a friend got her. E has been so engrossed in it that I've had to wrestle it from her at bed-time more than once.
* I've started listening to the audiobook of Galapagos by Kurt Vonnegut. Kurt Vonnegut is my brother's favourite author and I've put off reading any, even though my brother is an enigma and I'm always interested in what he likes and doesn't like, because I don't like Science Fiction. Or at least I thought I didn't because (i am silly and) I thought it was all about robots? And aliens? Anyway don't judge me. Anyway - I like Galapagos.
* I am slowly making a September coat from M&M. It's wool, and lined, so quite a big job but I've nearly completed it. I made a lot of progress this week mainly because the kids have been entertaining one another with basically no intervention from me.
