---
layout: post
title: "Week 295: Blinged out orthodox cathederal"
date: 2024-04-28
category: weaknotes
---
* I just spent 45 minutes trying to straighten some fabric enough to cut it. Sewing is very boring sometimes. I still haven't even managed to get the two edges to line up and the centre to not be creased. I will have to google this.
* I planted a second drill of peas and my hokkaido squashes. The tomatoes are looking good.
* I went to Sofia this week for work. When I got to the hotel I tried to locate my travel adaptors but I couldn't find them. I remembered having them in my hands in the morning, plugging and unplugging them as I chased the kids around. Somehow they had not made it to Sofia though. Disappointing!
* Sofia is nice. Got a big shiny blinged out orthodox cathedral, a lot of high density mixed residential/commercial streets that make it hard for me to orient myself, lots of statues. Because work requires it, I will be back. Next time I'll eat from the cafe called Rainbow every day, and spend more time with the statues.
* There was a bit on the third day where I went to a lunch place to finally find some lentils and it only accepted cash and I hadn't slept and I thought "oh this is the part where I cry".
* I got a cab home, because the flight landed at LHR at 10:45. The driver got up to 95mph on the motorway, while casually discussing how and where he had previously gotten speeding tickets.
* When I got home, in the dark, I opened the pocket of my suitcase where I had carefully stored my house keys, and there were my travel adaptors.
* Time for bed.
