---
layout: post
title: "Week 293: Aga"
date: 2024-04-14
category: weaknotes
---
* Good evening
* I finished a pair of [Archer work pants](https://matchymatchysewingclub.com/products/archer-work-pants-pdf-sewing-pattern). They are very comfy but I think I've made a size too big.
* I spent the weekend in a 7 bedroom house in Wiltshire. The property was a case study in inherited wealth. Full of old slightly broken stuff. An Aga. Oil paintings of ancestors everywhere. Downstairs toilet full of travel books and a nice collection of books of old woodcuts. The owner lives in Tuscany now most of the time. It would be nice to be that rich.
* I took photos of my favourite pages in the block print books.
* I am watching Ripley. The art direction is good but everything else is leaving me cold.
* This week E has been at something called The Outdoors Project. It's led by a guy called "Mook" who looks exactly like you imagine. The whole thing is outdoors - even the toilet (AKA "pooping in paradise"). When I pick up E from the other holiday club we've tried "Activities for kids" AKA "Captivity for Kids" she is always wired. Scratchy. Difficult. But after OP she is beaming. Even if it's rained, or it's been Nerf Gun day (which she doesn't like) she is still _so_ cheerful. Anyway I think my conclusion is there might be some benefit to being outside.
* On Wednesday I was 40 minutes late to pick up E and her friend from holiday camp because I thought the friend's parent was doing it. Good thing I can drive ey? Would have been even later if I hadn't gotten in the car.
