---
layout: post
title: "Week 282: 'Orange flavour'"
date: 2024-01-20
category: weaknotes
---
* I'd drunk two glasses of wine when I wrote last week's weeknotes. In case that wasn't obvious.
* I was so pleased with myself that I read it out to Lachie, who said "you do realise people on the internet will read that?"
* I don't want to talk endlessly about threadworms but I do have some follow up points (threads)
  * The medication for threadworms is one "chewable" pill. That isn't a serving suggestion, they mean "if you chew this, you won't OD on threadworm medication because you have increased the surface area, because that's not how this medication works"
  * My recommendation - having done it - is that you DO NOT chew this medication. Claims that it is "orange flavour" are substantially oversold.
  * The thing about threadworms is that their eggs are invisible to the naked eye. You could be inhaling one right now. We call could.
  * Send your kids to an outdoorsy nursery they said. The outside is good for them they said. Let them scrabble around in mud they said. What they didn't say is that's where the threadworms are.
  * The medication for threadworms costs £7. I am wondering if maybe, given how traumatised I am by this ordeal, I should just take it on an ongoing basis preventatively. What price can you put on peace of mind? Might it liquify my insides though? What is it doing to my gut health? Someone get me Tim Spector!
* In other news, I went for a 7am breakfast with Tom Taylor in St Pancras this week. Ben vetoed our original suggestion, giving us a better place, and then didn't come anyway, offering no explanation. Classic Ben. (Hi Ben)
* Never apologise, never explain
* I watched Traitors Season 2. Cracking telly. I haven't been so gripped by a show that I'll watch it live so I don't miss out since... I dunno... may well have been 10 years.
