---
layout: post
title: "Week 298: Jollies"
date: 2024-05-18
category: weaknotes
---
* A lot of jollies this week.
* On Wednesday I went to Interesting. Anna did a perfectly executed talk about pensions called "how to get richer" which was a nice contrast to the other event at Conway Hall "Abolish the rich". I also liked hearing Ben sound off about taps and am excited to send him a photo of the tap situation at the Financial Times. #iykyk
* May in Brighton is "Brighton Festival" which means loads of stuff happening in town.
* On Saturday E and I went to a talk with the children's author Benji Davies. He did a draw-along and talked about how he writes books. He talked about his first book The Storm Whale and how he came up with the idea. He pitched it really well I thought, showing his ideas in a kid-friendly way. E was enthralled.
* On Sunday the whole family went to see some kids comedy by a duo called [Shelf](https://www.shelfcomedy.com/for-kids). When we showed up I couldn't even remember what I had booked so it was a pleasant surprise to find past me had bought tickets for a comedy duo -- Rachel and Ruby -- doing sketches and trying to prank each other. C and E were absolutely enthralled.
* Then after that, and after gelato, we went to see some string. Actually 60 miles of string. It will be [100 miles of string](https://brightonfestival.org/whats-on/KoC-100-miles-of-string/) by the end of May. It started off as just some wooden structures and for the last 19 days kids have been winding bobbins of string around it to make a giant web structure. If you're in brighton... even if you're a grown up... you should go see the string thing.
