---
layout: post
title: "Week 369: Dog poo smells"
date: 2025-09-27
category: weaknotes
---
* Jolly little trip on the bus slightly marred by a skinhead decked out nazi badges, iron crosses with skulls and that, sitting directly behind us. Not the first person dressed as a fascist I've seen since moving to Brighton strangely.
*  The five year old is sussing the org structure at his school: "I think [mr head teacher], [mrs deputy] and [mrs other deputy] have meetings mam. But they don't have meetings in [mrs deputy]'s office because she only has one chair"
* Nick Cave is playing in Preston Park in July next year. I've got me dad tickets for his 70th. 
* E let me cut her hair into a chic little bob. I was worried she didn't like it but she left me a note saying "I LOVE MY NEW HAIR MOM ;)" The winky face is because she knows she is not allowed to call me mom.
* On Friday I popped out to pick up the kids from school and found a _huge_ heap of dog poo right outside my house. I was even considering if it was possibly human it was that big. Lachie refused to smell it, or even confirm or deny if dog poo smells different from human poo. Anywho, like any good person I decided to clean it up, but then I didn't have any carrier bags. Up the road was a man walking his small dog so I asked him for a poo bag. When I said "I don't even have a dog!!!" he was like "oh let me pick up the poo! I do it all the time!". I did put up a bit of a fight but he was very insistent and he was the guy holding the bags after all.
