---
layout: post
title: "Week 353: Lxds"
date: 2025-06-09
category: weaknotes
---
* Hello lxds. Lxds is gender neutral, and inclusive of people outside the gender binary. Try it yourself if you're think you're cool enough to pull it off.
* I went to the shep last week like the good old days. The food was ok but it was on hip rectangular plates which I did not really appreciate. And of course the staff were different. I wonder what happened to the woman who *blew* into Tom's coffee to move the crema to see if there was milk in it. I'm laughing just now thinking about it. Tom's face. Priceless mems.
* Last week I was walking along the train to get to the doors that lined up with the stairs at the station when I felt a sharp tiny pain in my foot. I shook my foot to try to get whatever was in my shoe to move but every time i stood on my foot the pain came back. It was so bad I took my shoe off to see if there was something in my sock. There was nothing. Feeling my foot, I also couldn't feel anything in my sock but I could still feel the spiky pain. Like any normal person, I don't really like getting my feet out on the train, but it seemed like the only option so I took my sock off.
* There, in my foot and also outside of my foot was a long brown hair. It had managed to get about 3cm into my foot at a very shallow angle, where it must have gotten deep enough for me to feel it.
* Who am I going to disgust with this story I thought after I had pulled the hair out and put my sock and shoe back on. And that is when I saw Brighton resident Anna Goss walking down the train towards me.
