---
layout: post
title: "Week 379: Corny"
date: 2025-12-07
category: weaknotes
---
* On Wednesday I started my new job at Rightmove.
* Everyone so far has been very friendly. It is overwhelming starting at a new place after 10 years but I only cried on two out of the three days and I also only did it outside of the office. _A win is a win!_ I do feel like an alien.
* Hello if you're a new colleague and you're reading this 👋
* Don't worry, I've read the social media policy.
* The office is, for the most part, nicer than the FT's with the notable exceptions of not having fizzy water on tap and having absolutely criminal lighting in the lifts. I am a lazy gal who loves a lift selfie but the lighting is so bad it makes everybody look like corpses.
*  I've been casually reading "The First 90 Days" which has been somewhat helpful in making me feel like I'm doing _something_ with the opportunity of being in a new place. I've compiled some questions to ask people and a "structured learning plan" to help me orient myself in the business and get things moving.
* Unrelated to the new job I had a fairly severe 3 day stomach ache which I kept under wraps with my new colleagues because I didn't want to make the first impression that I am an old hag with three day long trapped wind, even though I probably was.
* Because, as I keep telling myself in the mirror, _I am a strong and confident woman who loves to try new things_, I did my first park run this Saturday. I know this is a bad opinion but I did find it a bit... corny? Parkrun is obviously an amazing institution it's just... being around so many people being earnest about running... 
* On Sunday I went into town with my gal. It was too cold and both of us were under-dressed. I toughed it out because I have too many jumpers already, but E actually only owns one so we went to TK Maxx where I found a lovely cotton Stella McCartney jumper reduced from the (frankly astonishing) £110 to £18! The we made a deal that I'd buy every Tom Gates book in the charity shops that she could find, which turned out to be five.