---
layout: post
title: "Week 375: Hold me"
date: 2025-11-08
category: weaknotes
---
* Traitors had me screaming
* My office floor has finally been sanded and oiled. It took a bit longer than expected because underneath the carpet was a complete mess. Terribly damaged floorboards from many years of being pulled up to lay pipes and cables.
* Also under the floorboards were a lot of 1950's children's puzzle pieces, and an old cigarette packet. I've framed the puzzle pieces and now they are on the wall. I put them in a frame I'd found in a charity shop for £2. I love to make things out of nothing.
* On Thursday for the first time in ages, years maybe, I got absolutely steaming drunk. It was my colleague Matt's leaving drinks. I ended up on the same train home as my manager's manager, JK, who, like me, is also leaving and we wanged on for the whole train journey about all kinds of work shit.
* I've had the same conversation with both Matt and JK. How does someone leave the FT? Will we be OK? Hold me.
* My leaving ceremonies are next week. When I left GDS, 10 years ago, I stood up and said "I will miss _some_ of you". When I left BERG I simply gulped down a developing sob and said "Nope". I've been finding it hard to fall asleep the last few days because I've been trying to work out what to say.
* Chaz looks at me with an air of seriousness. "Mam" he says "Mam, rain is good. Rain is good for the garden. But also Mam. Rain is bad because... it makes more sea".
* Chaz is walking up the stairs. He calls back behind him. "Can you turn the lights off in the living room Dad? to save the energy of the living room?"