---
layout: post
title: "Week 360: None of my business"
date: 2025-07-27
category: weaknotes
---
* This week we went to a EuroCamp in Brittany.
* Lloyd (hi Lloyd) asked me "where are you going in France" and when I said "I don't know." he thought I was joking but I literally didn't know. Lachie knows that information, it is not for me to know. It is none of my business. I felt a bit judged by Lloyd in this moment however tonight I was reminded that I do make a meaningful contribution to the household when Lachie came in to the room and said "what does a head louse look like? How do I find one? Can you teach me? I don't understand how I can see them". So there. One of us made the holiday booking, one of us is forever, and in perpetuity, the head lice parent.
* [Holiday reading] I absolutely ripped through Yellow Face by Rebecca F Kuang. Parts of it were a bit _inside baseball_ (it is about an author who steals another authors book) but mostly it was a very good holiday read.
* I've started knitting a t-shirt by petite knit. I managed have to go and then undo and then redo and then undo and redo about 16 hours worth of knitting after repeatedly making mistakes and then not realising but by hour 17 I understood the pattern and was ready to actually stop making mistakes.
* The Eurocamp turned out to be in Brittany, right near Mont St Michel. It had a great pool complex, lots of French Go Ape, bike routes, and plenty of dutch people. The best bit was taking Chaz on a pedalo (or "pebbleo" as chaz called it) so we could watch E and Lachie zipwire across the lake above us.
* My aims for the holiday were to eat lots of bread and cheese and by day 4 I had literally made myself unwell with the level at which I had achieved that.
