---
layout: post
title: "Week 365: Maccfest"
date: 2025-08-23
category: weaknotes
---
* Spent the week feeling like mould, broke a very long streak of not getting ill. For some reason [BEING IN YOUR LATE 30S!] my hips hurt.
* I've been re-listening to Inside by Bo Burnham. Still so many good lines.

> "Why do you rich f-king white people
  Insist on seeing every socio-political conflict
  Through the myopic lens of your own self-actualisation?"

* I've come to really appreciate typos and linguistic quirks since I now receive so much slop. What a low bar to appreciate that someone has actually forced a thought through their meatspace brain rather than just blatted out a prompt and sent me the perfect synthetic response.
* Someone once told me that they had just read "the power to be disliked" and then quickly added "_you_ don't need to read it". I still laugh. What a read. 
* Most of Lachie's school friends came to stay this weekend with (where applicable) their families. That's 17 people total, six children and seven adults. I think we pushed the limits of the number of people we can comfortably fit in our house and I did have to borrow some camping beds from a neighbour. 
* I made this [Ottolenghi](https://ottolenghi.co.uk/pages/recipes/harissa-roast-pumpkin-tahini-sauce) out of one of the harvested squashes, and it was a big hit. We also had runner beans, too many cucamelons, tomatoes, salad and grapes from the garden.
* We had some really big laughs this weekend but the best bits were just seeing the kids become friends.
* For the kids I made an activity booklet with puzzles and colouring in to do, which everybody liked and only Lachie noticed I'd gotten the year wrong on the front. But at least that's MACCFEST 2026 sorted. 
* This week I also wrote a letter to the two faith secondaries in Brighton and Hove who have been studiously looking away when it comes to changing their admissions policies to address the fact that both of them have student bodies that are significantly below the citywide average for the number of children qualifying for Free School Meals. This despite the fact that, from what I recall, Jesus bloody loved poor people. This inequality is because, _any_ admissions policy that selects for a particular thing (be that faith, or exam results) will have the side effects of filtering out the poor kids because their parents are generally much less engaged with the education system. There is some nuance to this around race, and immigration but generally speaking, and especially outside of London this holds.
* 4 days of summer holidays to go.
