---
layout: post
title: "Week 349: Spiderman Jibbits"
date: 2025-05-10
category: weaknotes
---
* Wee man's lost his first tooth. Weird flex, but he's gone for a top one instead of middle bottom. Also a weird flex but the tooth is coming through orthogonal to the usual way teeth are. You know how they are - with the flat side facing outwards. Not for our guy, his is narrow rotated 90 degrees. Anyway. We love him. Weird teef and all.
* He got his first teeth when he was all the way back in [week 119](https://alicebartlett.co.uk/blog/weaknotes-119) and we used to call him goofer-toofer.
* I'm going to be giving a 1hr workshop to 250 people on "how to write a technical strategy" at Lead Dev*3 ([aka LDX3](https://leaddev.com/leaddev-london/)) in June. It's roughly the right shape but needs a lot of polish. I am having a great time writing it.
* This weekend I walked 12km with E around Brighton to look at art in people's houses. She was so good about all the walking and looking at things. What a babe.
* Also this weekend me and Chaz laid in the hammock and he asked if we could talk about things that are similar and then proceeded to tell me all the things he could think of that are similar (slugs and snails, number 4 and number 5, him and his sister, lachie's two brothers apples and pairs...) while I swung us gently under the tree. He was wearing a pair of crocs (vinted) with spiderman jibbits (vinted), a pair of pants (next) and a baseball cap (vinted).
* I finished sewing a pair of pyjamas this week, but the cotton I made them with is a bit rough. I think they'll soften up with time but who wants to wear rough pyjamas? NOT ME.
