---
layout: post
title: "Week 370: Quick words"
date: 2025-10-05
category: weaknotes
---
* On Tuesday I had lunch with Tom at Koya. We did this a year ago. I think probably prompted by the same series of thoughts. The October feeling that Tom's brithday is approaching and then me remembering that he isn't really very far away and we should have lunch.
* If someone said to me "you can be amazing at golf, no effort, I can snap my fingers and make you an incredible golf player" I think I'd say "You're alright actually". It's not only _golf people_ but also the clothes, the culture, all of it. No I'll pass.
* Is the everyman crossword harder? Is this related to the Guardian selling the Observer?
* It's Thursday. I'm squatting on the floor of the key stage 2 playground. E is sat on my knees. The wind whips around us. Both of us are absolutely bawling out eyes out. It's a mess. Parents filtering out of the gate on one side of the tarmac, students filing into class on the other. Two of the dads with whom I've shared barely four words walk over. What's wrong? they ask. Can we help? You know it's bad when the low-profile dads get involved. You know you're making a bloody scene. I brush them off - we're OK I say, wiping my face. 
* E had mangled her finger up in a bit of play equipment. She had a big comedy bruise like from Tom and Jerry. A teaching assistant took her to the office. Later she told me the TA had asked If I was crying because she'd hurt herself. "If only your mum was that much of a wetty!" I said when she told me.
* No, I was crying because of the conversation I'd just had with my other child's teacher. The dreaded "can I have a word?". I'd held it mostly together for the exchange but as soon as I turned to walk away it all came rushing out of me, as it usually does, after these "quick words".