---
layout: post
title: "Week 383: Peak-districty business"
date: 2026-01-05
category: weaknotes
---
* Quiet new years eve. Some plonk, some board games with ol' matey boy.
* I forgot to mention that last week I did the Christmas day parkrun (truly, who have I become) in Macc. This parkrun is a bit grim, three laps of a grassy park with a small hill in the middle. There is a nice view of some peak-districty buisness part way through with you run towards as the winter sun rises above it but overall it was a bit muddy and too cold. There was however, _a streaker_. A woman who for unknown reasons took all her clothes off and ran into the centre of the park yelling "GO ON DICK HEADS" at the runners. She seemed to be enjoying herself and I personally enjoyed the support but it is, and will remain, unclear if she was streaking in a fun way or in a sad way so I guess I hope she had a good chrimbo. Like, on the one hand people do get naked and do things (swim in the sea) on christmas day -- that's a thing... is this like that? Unclear.
* [Knitting chat] I've got this sock and it's great but I hate the stripes so I am going to rip them out and then graft my cast on edge to my live edge but because it's P1K3 rib I have to use this technique which does seem hard and like it would take ages. But hey! If I wanted a new pair of socks quickly I wouldn't be knitting them myself.
* The year notes are gestating. I will birth them via the usual methods in the usual place before the end of Jan but you know me. Can't knit and type at the same time so...