---
layout: post
title: "Week 388: "
date: 2026-02-08
category: weaknotes
---
* I realised this week that in the future people won't be writing code to make websites they'll be managing agents to make websites and it was a very depressing realisation.
* So, I downloaded cursor. I don't do lot of coding in my free time, I have too much knitting to do. Knitting is the future of coding. Nobody knits because they want a quick or cheap jumper, they knit because they love the craft. This is the future of writing code by hand. You will do it because you find it satisfying but it will be neither the cheapest or quickest way to write software.
* Anyway, I do have this silly little blog so I used cursor to do some advanced spell checking. The results were quite good. It found some very cringe spelling errors. It also introduced some very strange ones. Feel free to enjoy those [here on Github](https://github.com/alicebartlett/alicebartlett.github.io/pull/38). I'm sure I could have gotten it not to do these things and be more powerful and whatever. I'm not actually dunking on cursor here, it's about as good as I expected and this is definitely not a very hard problem to solve and I'm sure it can do more.
* Every morning this week Chaz has come into my room, and woken me up with the cheerful phrase "Good morning good old lady"
* This week I went to a two day off-site. I can't say much about it probably but it was very fun, in particular hanging out with one of the sales leads for the North of England, who couldn't play one of the team building games because it required making facial expressions she couldn't do because of all of her botox. I want to go on some sales calls with her. Absolute hun. Great craic.

