---
layout: post
title: "Week 376: Thirsty Rando"
date: 2025-11-16
category: weaknotes
---
* Final ejection from the institution that is the Financial Times creeps closer.
* Thursday was my leaving drinks and goodbye speeches. I'd have liked to have had a video of them for my mum. Four of my colleagues said very kind things about me and were extremely generous in omitting all of the bad parts. I got a front page that is so rife with in-jokes every time I return to it I find some more.
* Leaving drinks were also very good. I'm sorry to everyone I was too nice to. You're just a good bunch. You deserve to know about it.
* Kara made me a cryptic crossword which I am about half way through. It includes the answers "yeet", "thirsty rando", "details matter people" and a neat little clue that requires you to know the name of the FT's content API. Truly a dream cryptic.
* Because I wanted to leave in as neat a way as possible, with minimal fussing about what I would want for a leaving gift, I asked for donations to the Crew Club in Whitehawk. The Crew Club is a youth club for local children and young adults. I'm not sure how the numbers work on this but on Thursday the amount raised was at about £750 - which is amazing! Helpfully the FT will also match it. Regrettably I did cry messily when I tried to explain to my colleagues what the crew club is and why it's so meaningful to me as a place for donations.
* Post couch to 5k I was worried I was going to find it hard to keep up the three runs per week, but I've got quite a good thing going where I almost... look forward to them? As long as I don't have a dicky tummy or a hangover. I've got 3 5kish runs, one up one hill, one up a different hill and one along the flat bit, and I just iterate through them.
* We went to see Stewart Lee on Friday. Very good. Much better than a certain contemporary ceramicist that we won't discuss further. 
* YOu know what's absurd? We don't know how the universe started. _We don't know how the universe started_. There are people out here (me) thinking about things like Lily Allen's relationship with David Harbour, when I could be thinking the fact that we have no idea how the universe came to be.