---
layout: post
title: "Week 354: Pea pod way!"
date: 2025-06-09
category: weaknotes
---

* These are late. I will make no excuses.
* I’m giving a workshop on Tuesday about writing a technical strategy, at LDX3’s Director+ track. This continues the long tradition of women from the Financial Times giving workshops at Lead Dev events about Strategy.
* On Friday I cycled to the sea and got in it. It was absolutely lovely. I’ll try not to bang on about how good the sea is because if you’re not a person who gets in the sea then it’s incredibly boring. It’s great though.
I also ate the first broad beans of the season.
* The peas are providing a handful of pods for the kids every day. When they eat them, they sing
> [“5 happy peas in a pea pod! Happy being peas all day! One lays an egg and the rest do the same, that’s the happy pea pod way!”](https://numberblocks.fandom.com/wiki/Hen_House_Hop)

* That song is really about Chickens. My kids know peas don’t lay eggs.
* How’s this for absolute wifey behaviour - on Saturday I baked an Anna Jones elderflower and gooseberry cake. It was really good and had elderflowers that I had picked myself.
* Sorry about how perfect my life seems in this weaknote. To contrast I will say that this morning I woke up in Greenwich ready to put the finishing touches to my workshop only to realise I’d left my laptop in Brighton, meaning I had to travel the 3 hour round trip to get it, while also dealing with some (run of the mill but nevertheless) moderate bin fires at work.
