---
layout: post
title: "Week 377: Final day"
date: 2025-11-26
category: weaknotes
---
* I'll see myself out.
* My final day at the FT was a whimper not a bang. For reasons too boring (and too not-about-me) to go into I did my last day at the FT from my mum and dad's house. This did give me the opportunity to give Dimitar a video tour of all of the photos of my twin brother that they have around the place though. I can't remember why I decided to do that but I'm sure he enjoyed the  [Italian Vogue shoot](https://www.gramilano.com/2011/10/english-lads-can-dance-says-italys-luomo-vogue/) shot by a now disgraced famous american photographer.
* Speaking of photos, here is [10 years at the FT, in snaps](https://photos.app.goo.gl/mZXNbyBEYo9DSamJ7). These are not beautiful, but they do capture some things I'd forgotten:
  1. The terrible sharks eating sharks ad
  1. The time a vendor gave us a light-up origami sign
  1. The time I invented a new way to hang towels in the changing room because people were just putting them haphazardly over the rail and they were never drying, and everyone started doing it.
  1. All the origami cranes
  1. The time I ran an away day from my own house
  1. The "I don't remember you" badge from Leaf because, despite interviewing him for a job a few months prior, when I met him at the FT I had no recollection of him at all.
  1. Lots of lift selfies
  1. A secret message and bag of Jelly Babies for international women's day.
  1. 30th Birthday Origami cake
  1. Print site tour to see a paper get made
  1. Welcome back jamboard
  1. The time I objected to a project logo for looking too much like a nob. Still the only use of the word "penis" in a FT Github issue to my knowledge
  1. Brack-shack
  1. Home made Run-book trophies
  1. Edds!
  1. Getting a photo of myself in the bracken house "museum" (it is gone now, alas)
  1. Screenshot of Former Ed Lionel Barber saying "What the bloody hell is going on" in the Netflix doc about wirecard
  1. CircleCI clusterfuck
  1. Various bad comms things that made me laugh at the time
  1. Three trips to Sofia, where their domestic snails are way bigger than ours and just sliding around the place like that's normal
  1. The time I made all the tech leads arrange themselves in colour order and took a photo
  1. Weird temporary art installation in the lobby of people shagging made out of leaves (!?)
  1. My final front page ❤️

