---
layout: post
title: "Week 366: Just ask science"
date: 2025-09-06
category: weaknotes
---
* Morning Gals.
* This week I logged into Workday (the FT's HR System) and submitted my resignation. A surprisingly easy process that involved only searching for "resign" and clicking a button.
* In October I will have been at the FT for 10 years. When I joined the FT at 28 my pre-frontal cortex was barely formed -- just ask Science. And now I am a grown-up with a mortgage, a vegetable plot, and several pairs of trousers that I made myself.
* People are being very good about it. Not making me feel too guilty about leaving when there is so much going on. Saying nice things. Even got an email from the CEO 😳. And I am, as a parting gift, going to be _unreasonably, annoyingly_ good at my job. People are going to be like "This woman has no business being this good when she is leaving".
* I've been looking for the right move for me since about April, been in various processes off and on, the job market, as everyone will tell you, is pretty tough at the moment, but this new gig is somewhere I'm really excited about.
* Other stuff - This week the kids went back to school for 1 day. We spent the first bit of the week in Rye in a flat that we'd stayed in pre-kids. It was, in retrospect, a little small for the four of us. I had great meals from The White House, Fig, and Marco's if you're planning a visit.
* Is there any greater feeling than when someone you know really well and like loudly tells you to f-off. Genuinely. Such a good feeling.
