---
layout: post
title: "Week 39: Typing the right things fast"
date: 2019-06-01
category: weaknotes
---
* I keep meaning to say something about [the return of Little Printer](https://nordprojects.co/projects/littleprinters/) but then forgetting. My main thought is that it's really nice that they've revived the impact-y message style - I wrote the original code for that. It was nearly Christmas and Jack had had this idea for a new messaging style that he thought would be cool. I was supposed to be working on something else so after I'd finished the day's work I started noodling around with it, trying to work out algorithmically how to get the word sizing right, learning about leading and kerning. It was incredibly fun and when I had finished I pushed a release live and sent a message to Jack's little printer in his house in the new style. Something like "THIS LOOKS PRETTY GOOD I THINK".
* The other Little Printer messaging memory I have is the time somebody down the pub sent "HELLO YOU C**T"[^1] to Matt Jones' little printer in the middle of the night. I can't remember whose friend that was, but I don't think Matt found it very funny. After that we put some configuration in to stop people messaging you in the middle of the night. A swear filter might also have been a good idea, but these are the kinds of things you only think of after you have kids.
* This is making me want to go find my Little Printer.
* I just bought [Yumiko Higuchi's new book of embroidery](https://www.amazon.co.jp/dp/4579116879/ref=pe_492632_159100282_TE_item) from Amazon Japan. I know there will be an English language translation of it eventually but I absolutely cannot wait for that. I know enough embroidery to not need the instructions. Probably.
* [Russell did a good blog post about how you can't market to old people](https://russelldavies.typepad.com/planning/2019/05/age-and-trying-not-to.html) and it really Made Me Think.
* I've done a new layout style for my sewing posts.
* I've written that talk abstract I was procrastinating from. If anyone wants a talk about Git HMU.
* Being a good developer is as much about typing the right things fast as it is about helping others to type the right things fast.
* Thanks for the shout out [Tom](https://tomarmitage.com/2019/05/31/week-334/).
* This week's word is kerning
* This week's emoji is 😯


## Footnotes
[^1]: I have starred this out because I _try_ not to swear in my weaknotes. Please email me for the unasterisked version of this correspondence.
