---
layout: post
title:  "Week 25: Smash that interactive rebase"
date:   2019-02-23 20:28:00
category: weaknotes
---

* Did a workshop on Git this week with [Tatiana](https://twitter.com/binaryberry). It was super good. When it came to the exercises, it was the most interested I've ever seen people in a workshop. People really wanted to smash that interactive rebase!
* Could I do a 40 minute talk on Git? Is that interesting? I need to do a 40 minute talk on *something*. I have a long time to figure out what though so maybe it should be something else.
* I assembled a cold frame for my plant babies. After the builders trashed my plants last year I'm really excited for this year's growing season. Going to feed my houseplants properly and grow sweet peas, phlox, and thunbergia.
* I did some gardening last weekend. Sawed my thumb a bit but the garden is looking much tidier.
* My sewing class has finished. I've nearly completed the trousers, I just need to do some hand sewing. I will write about them here once I've photographed them.
* I've just finished [this podcast](https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/stitcher/the-dream) on multi-level marketing. If you enjoy reading about pyramid schemes then it's probably worth it. It focusses on how MLMs have become so common in the US, and so legally difficult to pursue. It could be about 50% shorter - as with all podcasts.
* Lachie has eaten TWO almond magnum ice creams by midday on Saturday. He bought one for himself and one for me, in case I wanted one, but since I'd literally just finished a fry up, I wasn't really in the mood. Lachie had also just eaten a fried breakfast but he is an animal so that explains that. He said I'd left him with "literally no choice but to eat a second magnum".
* We watched Russian Doll. I didn't like the first few episodes much but it really got going around episode three and then we hammered through it in under a week. And the ending! Ugh the ending was so good! I almost hope there isn't another series because they tied this one up so neatly.
* The weather is on the up which is making me feel good until I realise it's probably unusually warm because of climate change and then I remember that the insects are dying and the ice is melting. Hurrrrgh I feel sick.
* Byeeeeeeeee
