---
layout: post
title: "Week 188: Purple gloves"
date: 2022-04-09
category: weaknotes
---
* Hello. Hi.
* This week is all about my sick toddler, just to warn you. I haven't even done any jokes.
* [Tuesday] My heart left my body and went to A&E in an ambulance today. Baby C had another seizure. Every time it is different. This time it lasted a really long time (40 minutes) and it took a lot of drugs to get it to stop. Lachie went to hospital with him and I just sat in the silent house and stared at the wall until I had to go pick up the big one from nursery.
* I was actually on a video call with my colleagues when it happened. It was probably quite traumatic for everyone concerned when Lachie came into the frame with a seizing toddler and I just bailed on the call.
* A thing paramedics do is write important details of a case with a biro on their purple gloves. They all do this. It makes a lot of sense. Gloves stay on for the duration of the emergency, and then they come off and go in a bin. A fresh set ready for a new set of vitals on the next call.
* Baby C was due to visit the hospital on Wednesday for an MRI anyway. So he was already there and already had a lot of teeny tiny cannulas held in by plasters with pictures of teddies on. The teddies have jumpers that have 3M written on them.
* The MRI came back clear so in terms of diagnosis as to why C has had nine seizures in nine months, the final route to check is genetic testing for disorders linked to epilepsy.
* We got out of hospital on Thursday afternoon. C couldn't really walk after the seizure. We think that's some residual muscle weakness from the 40 minutes of tensing and relaxing his muscles. He's getting a bit better now.
* To manage C's seizures he now has to have daily medication. I have a lot of feelings about altering his brain chemistry, but ultimately it's how we're gonna keep him safe.
* Thanks to everyone who has listened to me this week. You've all been really important to me and I appreciate it.
