---
layout: post
title:  "Week 13: Thank you internet stranger!"
date:   2018-11-25 09:45:00
category: weaknotes
---
* I feel like a ghost.
* I am very behind (like, six months) on [Tampon Club](http://tampon.club) emails. Sorry if you're waiting for stickers. I have lost them in my house somewhere. I know. I know.
* I have realised a thing about the diet coke ad that I talked about [last week](http://alicebartlett.co.uk/blog/weaknotes-12). The man in this ad is actually walking past (and greets) the woman from the April version of the ad! My small mind was quite pleased to have noticed that.
* I got a nice email from someone that I don't know to say they like my weaknotes. Thank you internet stranger! I don't know why people read these, but it's nice when people do.
* At work something cool happened, which I'll have to be deliberately vague about, but basically the FT data team has been working on some machine learning stuff and unlike a lot of machine learning things it actually seems quite good and well thought out and like it might serve a useful purpose? Anyway, perhaps someone will write something proper about it somewhere one day. I hope they do.
* Another work update. The Editor of the FT is an extremely impressive person. Even my attempts to describe how impressive he is feel clumsy and stupid so I won't bother. Anyway. Here is the thing. I once stood behind him in the queue at the canteen where this incredibly articulate and well-read man lamented the fact that they had stopped selling ham and cheese croissants. _Ham and cheese_. "He puts his trousers on one leg at a time just like everybody else"[^1].
* Anna has written a [good post on hiring](https://www.annashipman.co.uk/jfdi/interviewing-fairly.html).
* OK I'm going to try and work out where those Tampon Club stickers are now.


## Footnotes
[^1]: Once Lachie heard this and decided to prove that it was possible to put a pair of pants on two legs at a time. It took several attempts but he did manage to jump into them eventually.
