---
layout: post
title:  "Weaknotes 5: a bit dim"
date:   2018-09-26 21:03:00
categories: weaknotes
---
* [It's 2am, I just read this about obesity](https://highline.huffingtonpost.com/articles/en/everything-you-know-about-obesity-is-wrong/). Lots of interesting facts about how public health issues take a ridiculously long time to get fixed even after the cure is discovered (scurvy, seatbelts). Also many, *many*, horrific stories about how fat people are treated.
* Oh man I agreed to share my "one weird tip" for web developers in a video Google are making. My "weird tip" is neither weird or really a tip? Sorry everyone.
* I did that Google video thing and it was fun! It was interesting trying to answer their questions in 30 second soundbites. I think having to condense my answers down so much is going to make me seem a bit dim but I guess I can live with that.
* [Alice vs Nature update] Had to happen eventually, I stood on a mouse trap.
* [Alice vs Nature update] We caught a mouse!
* [Alice vs Nature update] I've already seen another mouse.
* Edith has a cold.
* This is a good video from [Paul Lewis about RequestAnimationFrame](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSEU7ivOnzc). Paul's done a few of these and his attention to detail in them is actually quite sickening. I find it a bit obnoxious of Paul to make videos this good when it's not even his main job. [jkjkjkjk ily Paul]
* [Alice loves Nature update] The trees in Mayow Park are so breathtaking at the moment. I keep taking photos of them but they all just look like photos of trees?
* Edith had another swimming lesson and the teacher thought she was a boy again despite me casually dropping her pronoun after introducing her.
* This looks like a very thorough breakdown of [JS testing in 2018](https://medium.com/welldone-software/an-overview-of-javascript-testing-in-2018-f68950900bc3). I haven't read it (yet) but "what testing framework is best" is the perennial No. 1 bike shedding topic for developers so I'm sure this article will be useful soon.
