---
layout: post
title: "Week 67: Just remarkable what bodies can do"
date: 2019-12-14
categories: weaknotes
---
* Hold me.
* [Weds] L has Norovirus, which he caught from looking after a sick child while his parents were in hospital with their other child. This is a classic #poorlachie story. No good deed goes unpunished!
* Will I catch Noro? Will E? Who can say. Last time I had Noro it was bad, obviously, but also kind of cool? Just remarkable what bodies can do. This time however I'd like to pass on the sickness if possible because having to look after a child while also feeling ill is probably the worst part of every-day problems that happen to parents.
* On the same day as the Noro day, I worked from home and my computer touchpad and keyboard packed in. I had three hours of sales meetings in the afternoon and those poor men must have thought I was a colossal grump, but really it was the frustration of being keyboard only, combined with the revulsion at the sound of L throwing up into a bin in the spare room.
* The video from my talk about Git is [here on youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQ4IdcrOUz0).
* My team at the FT is hiring developers, delivery managers, product owners and user researchers. We just won News Provider of The Year at the British Journalism awards for the second year running. Let me know if you're interested in a new job, or you know someone who is.
* I did a tubular cast on this week. WHAT A FAFF MY GOD WHY.
* I am not normally SO BUSY at work but this week and next week I am SO BUSY.
* [Weds] What is going to happen in the election eh? I can't look.
* [Fri] Right.
* [Sat] This blog is a take free zone with regard to politics. This conversation is not missing my voice. I think I'm going to join the labour party though. I do think that's going to happen.
