---
layout: post
title:  "Week 31: A lot of Ru Paul's Drag Race makes sense"
date:   2019-04-06 15:00:00
categories: weaknotes
---
* Look at this! You're now reading this over https. I thought it was going to be annoying to set up and I might have to... understand DNS or know what an A record is, but actually I only needed to update some IP addresses in Gandi and then check a checkbox in GitHub. This has definitely been made easier for me by the eggheads at GitHub since I last tried to do this so... well done eggs.
* [Eco NEWS] I read [this thing](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-47161379?fbclid=IwAR2paGhHI1OI__6FNQx9ycRJjMO4sMl55UwyH1IirCDNhX-PctU_5xkRVx0) about packaging and now I'm not sure if I'm supposed to buy plastic free spinach or bagged spinach. I do feel quite lucky that none of the canvas totes I own have anything smug like *I'm not a plastic bag* written on them but that's because all of them came free from tech conferences.
* [Worknotes] Mariko shared [episode of the Reply All podcast](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5mYbJswwvpT6veWYM4V30I?si=IfUTm1DTQ6aH3072iNPhcA) about the origins of "yasss!" which is good. I *sort of new* it had queer origins but this podcast has the actual facts. Please can all white people stop saying "yasss" now, thank you.
* I started watching Pose on iplayer after Nat wrote about it. Two things:
1. I feel stupid for saying this but finally a lot of Ru Paul's Drag Race makes sense.
2. I'm not sure I can watch any more of it, because I think some of the acting might be bad?
* I planted out my sweet peas, and potted on my other cut flowers.
* Fleabag was good wasn't it?
* FFFFFFFFFFFFFF I am so tired.
