---
layout: post
title:  "Week 21: IS IT APT? IS IT FUNNY? IS IT NEW?"
date:   2019-01-26 09:17:00
categories: weaknotes
---
* [Luke](https://twitter.com/lukekavanagh_) showed me where to find the Financial Times style guide. I have spent hours reading it. As you would expect there is lots to enjoy. The bits about journalistic cliché's are my favourite. Things like:
> **scrambling**
There are too many people scrambling to do something in the FT. Let them hurry if they must or even try.

* The bit about apostrophes is good too:
> The apostrophe (') is not dead but it is dying. It has left Earls Court and St Andrews, but not yet Regent’s Park; and it has vanished from companies such as Barclays Bank and Currys, and magazine titles such as Farmers Weekly. [...]

* This advice about puns needs to be more widely embraced:
>**puns**
[...]
> It is unreasonable to expect all [...] puns to be banned from the pages of the FT, particularly in features, in Weekend FT and on the Arts page. But think carefully before you commit yourself: is the pun apt? is it funny? is it new?

IS IT APT? IS IT FUNNY? IS IT NEW? Next time someone puns near me (I know who it will be, I sit near a _prolific_ punner) I'm going to say this to them.
* [Nat is doing weeknotes](https://natbuckley.co.uk/2019/01/20/weeknotes-1-tv-ads-and-business-models/) and they are much more interesting than mine. I'm furious!
* What is the German compound noun for when you're upset but basically keeping it together and then somebody is nice to you and you fall into a million pieces?
* Shout out to my fellow disciples of "12-1 is the one true lunch hour"
* wooof I am very tired this week.
* I listened to [the rest of this Origins podcast about Sex and The City](https://www.originsthepodcast.com/). It's put together quite poorly but some of the interviews are so good. Worth it for how cross Chris Noth is alone.
