---
layout: post
title: "Week 45: One day this will be an otter 🦦"
date: 2019-07-13
category: weaknotes
---

* This week we went to Dorset with my parents. I found a cuttlefish bone on the beach. Alice Malia has a good instagram line in "sea treasures" which I always like looking at. You can't see them though because her account is private and you're not lucky enough to be her friend.
* The house we stayed in had a PS4 with Minecraft on it so Lachie and I played a lot of that.
* The house we stayed in also had a lot of silverfish, one of which I saw scuttle into my laptop fan vent. I haven't seen it come out yet 😱
* Margaritas are good aren't they.
* I can hear my toddler giggling and saying "oh no!!!" as her daddy swings her around and tickles her.
* There's isn't currently an emoji for the face Lachie and I do when E does something excessively cute. It's an extreme scrunching up of the eyes and nose and a pursing of the lips. We've got an otter emoji now ([one day this will be an otter 🦦](https://twitter.com/snootgirl/status/1093215152579710976)). I think the unicode consortium should tackle this next.
* E absolutely loves books (nerd). "Oh No, GEORGE!" is the best one as it gives her many opportunities to say "Oh no GEORGE!"
* My house probably has silverfish now doesn't it.
* Jen's written [a thing](https://medium.com/ft-product-technology/documentation-day-how-the-ft-com-team-improved-our-documentation-to-95-usefulness-in-7-hours-b73d1a7e6f30) about how we had a documentation day. I haven't read it yet because I've been on holiday, but I helped a tiny bit with the draft. Can we talk about how much better people at work have gotten about writing about the things they've done on the work blog? It's like, actually good now? Well done people at work.
* 🍐
