---
layout: post
title:  "Weaknotes 22: "
date:   2019-01-26 09:17:00
categories: weaknotes
---
* We mutha-flippin made it to mutha-flipping February my dudes.
* This week I've been moving my sewing tumblr over to this site. Remarkable to look back at 5 years worth of sewing. Not many of my early sews are still in rotation because my body is a really different shape since it made a baby.
* Edith has finally kicked her nursery cold. It's like "freshers flu" but you're a baby. Gosh she is adorable. On Tuesday I said to her "Edith can I have a cuddle?" and she literally stopped what she was doing (pretending to drink from a cup) and crawled over to me, rested her head on my knee and said "ahh-hahh". rip me.
* Here is something I think that I thought everyone thought but apparently they don't. At work I judge people (for end-of-year reviews, for promotions, whatever) based on their _impact_. So that means I don't care if they're a line manager, or on out-of-hours support, or tech leading. I look at the positive impact they have. If you want to _have an impact_ then you need the opportunity. Being a line manager, being a tech lead, being on an out of hours rota - those will all give you opportunities to have a positive impact outside of your day-to-day role. Your promotions case may include situations you have positively influenced through line management or whatever, but being a line manager in and of itself is not something that is necessary for career progression at the FT
* I went to see Hamilton on Thursday.
