---
layout: post
title: "Week 53: I forgot to add a title"
date: 2019-09-07
categories: weaknotes
---

* I listened to [the Bellingcat podcast](https://www.bellingcat.com/resources/podcasts/2019/07/17/mh17-episode-guide-1/) about MH17 and it was good. There is something really familiar about the Bellingcat people - is that a weird thing to think? I feel like they're from the same bit of the internet as me. Maybe I know someone who knows them.
* Denise shared [this thing](https://thefractionatingcolumn.com/2014/10/21/thoughts-on-presenting/) from Nat from someone else about presenting. Even though I read Nat's blog I had missed it. It was timely because I had just started writing a new talk. It contains lots of good references and links to other people, well worth a read.
* E had her first night away from both Lachie and me. I'm typing this right after she's left with her Grandparents (7pm Sunday night) and I feel quite sick. I can hear Lachie in the bathroom cheerfully whistling "I had a little Turtle" which is presumably a coping mechanism.
* The mitten knittin' has finished. I just blocked them. I've never blocked anything before.
* What is it that I find so excruciating about the Trivago adverts. There is nothing _obviously irritating_ about them and yet they are highly annoying.
* Last weekend I got ID'd for buying firelighters in B&Q. I think what happened was that the man that ID'd me was _very old_ and from the distance with which he was observing me I seemed as young as an 18 year old in the same way that it's difficult to judge the distance of two things that are both far away.
* Related: Did you know that the t-rex is closer in time to the iPod than it is to the stegosaurus? All the stegosauruses were already long long long dead when t-rex's came along.
* The man did eventually sell me the firelighters.
* [I have tangoed with dates enough to appreciate this.](http://yourcalendricalfallacyis.com/) Did you know in the US and Australia they start the week on Sunday? SUNDAY?! Sunday is irrefutably part of the weekend. Week-end, week _end_.
* Last night I fell asleep on the sofa at 8:30.
