---
layout: post
title: "Week 97: Very soft"
date: 2020-07-12
categories: weaknotes
---
* We have a new baby. He was born on Sunday, 2 days before his due date, weighing 9lb 9oz - putting him on about the 95th centile for weight.
* He's very soft.
* I had forgotten how hardcore newborn babies are.
* The labour was extremely different to last time. My waters broke before any other labour signs, and the next morning my contractions started. I got to hospital and two hours later he was born. I had an epidural last time because I was induced so this was the first time I've felt a baby come out of me. Wow you guys. People will tell you "it stings" and that *is* the sensation but, like, it stings more than anything you've ever felt in your life.
* [humble brag] The midwife was very impressed by the size of my placenta and the length and girth of the umbilical cord. She was actually really excited to see one so big. I love it when people love what they do.
* Like his sister, baby C has an epic tongue tie. We got it fixed privately again because the wait times on the NHS are a couple of weeks and I can't be doing with that level of pain every time he needs to eat (every two-three hours). On one level I am proud at the severity of the tongue tie. 100% tie! Well done son.
* I wouldn't have changed anything about my last labour with E, but now I've had a "good" birth I realise how much easier it can be, in particular the recovery. Last time I was on disgusting tasting antibiotics, needed anti-clotting injections daily in the stomach, iron tablets for the blood I'd lost (which made me extremely constipated) and a catheter for a week because I couldn't pee on my own. I couldn't sit properly or pick things up off the ground for 2 weeks. I had to sit on bags of frozen peas. This time - none of that! I'm fine! I pretty much skipped out of the hospital.
*
