---
layout: post
title: "Week 84: Alice, sweet heart"
date: 2020-04-11
categories: weaknotes
---
* I watch Have I Got News For You. I know I'm not supposed to like it because it's establishment men being smug about the news but I do OK?
* Anyway _anyway_ I watched the first social distancing episode and _my god_ I have not seen any telly that bad ever in my life. It was excruciating. They were all dialling from their respective homes and of course there was no live audience.
* Firstly - somebody please get these men a green stick, they look like they've been boiled. (Steph McGovern was hosting and looked great, presumably because she's been paying attention in hair and makeup).
* Secondly - not only is this not funny it is also really uncomfortable. It's awkward. It's four strangers at a dinner party who have been told to be funny. Despite the fact that it would have been edited, the timing was still off.
* I had to leave the room.
* Nice weather eh?
* I had a bit of a funny interaction with the local garden centre. They sent me the following email in response to a question about what varieties of strawberries they had:

> Thank you for your email.  strawberries
pegasus, red gauntlet, florence, elsante, alice, sweet heart please call the shop to confirm and make payment for this
[REDACTED PHONE NUMBER]
we are extremely busy
thanks

* How rude I thought. Don't call me sweetheart. Do you want my business or not?
* I nearly didn't respond because I was so narked off by the tone, but then I did because I do actually really want some strawberry plants as last years ones have root weevils and are looking very sad.
* Anyway, when the plants arrived I looked at the handwritten notes from our conversation:
> strawberry varieties
pegasus,
red gauntlet,
florence,
elsante,
alice,
sweet heart

* So - Alice, and Sweet Heart are both varieties of strawberry, apparently, and sometimes people are just giving you lists of strawberries rather than being rude.
