---
layout: post
title: "Week 82: So tonks"
date: 2020-03-28
categories: weaknotes
---
* Lockdown.
* Two weeks ago I mentioned that I didn't need to worry about my dad as he has access to a lab so he can make his own hand sanitiser. Well guess what? _He's made his own hand sanitiser_. It even has flipping aloe vera in it.
* I'm doing OK? I keep waking up at night and not being able to get back to sleep which is obviously a symptom of stress, but I haven't done much crying which is the usual thing I do when stressed.
* E is at home with us now of course, so we split the days. I am doing about 5/6 hours of work a day, either 7am-1pm or 1pm-7pm. If I work flat out I actually get quite a bit done. Given my contracted hours are 7.5 per day, I'm working at about 80% - that's not too bad really.
* It is delightful spending more time with E. She just potters about and says cute stuff and I marvel at how clever she is. Organising activities for her is a bit tedious, but she does like pairing up socks and hanging and sorting washing so we're really on top of the laundry at the moment.
* I elected early on to drop some things, rather than do 100% of the things 80% as well.
* Still no signs of COVID-19 in the house. E has a very runny nose but at any given time there is a 50/50 chance she has a runny nose because she's 2 and that's just how they roll.
* I had not realised the sheer volume of domestic labour we would have to do having a 2 year old at home. At nursery E gets all 3 meals provided, and of course for every activity they also tidy up. Now she's home I'm cooking, cleaning and washing up nearly constantly. I did not sign up for this! (haha just kidding)
* Our houseplants are going to be so tonks by the end of this.
* GAILS and Neils Yard have delivered me bread and cheese so we're basically all set.
* I have started playing Animal Crossing. One thing I like about it is that it seems impossible to play more than a couple of hours a day - I just run out of things to do. This is very good for me as I tend to get very sucked into games and I do actually have real capitalism to attend to.
* An unexpected bonus of everyone going remote is getting to see the inside of Important People's homes.
* Seeing people's cute babies on the Google Meet is also giving me a lot of life. BRING ME YOUR BABIES! LET ME COO OVER THEM.
* I left some houseplant babies on my friend's doorstep and some stickers for her son. Felt very good to give her some nice plants that I had grown because I know she was having a shit day.
