---
layout: post
title: "Week 119: Goofy tooth"
date: 2020-12-12
categories: weaknotes
---
* woi oi!
* This week I was reminded of the acronym from university: BNOC (pronounced be-nock). Big Name On Campus. In case it isn't obvious, I was not a BNOC.
* C has a little goofy tooth and so has started biting me. It's very unpleasant but avoidable if I really pay attention to him while feeding him.
* We're selling our house. We've had 6 viewings in 3 days and it has been mad stressful keeping the place tidy and getting out of the house for the viewings. I will not be taking further questions at this time.
* Don't know if this is a sign of the times or a sign of early onset dementia, but I have been really enjoying "Spin The Wheel", a celebrity(!) gameshow(!) on Saturday night(!) presented by Michael Mcintyre(!!!).
* [This piece about her mother dying](https://www.ithoughtaboutthatalot.com/how-to-dispose-of-a-body) earlier this year by [Becky](http://rebeccahales.co.uk/) is extremely tender and funny and wonderfully written.
* My 2.5 year old now comes with an 100% Lice Free Guarantee.
* I had a Keeping In Touch day on Monday. It was really good. Normally I'd have gone in for this and seen people face to face, but because of... _all this_ I just popped up to the attic and did zoom calls. And occasionally a baby was brought to me for feeding.
* One of the things on the KIT day was some training and on the training the instructor said: You could be sitting looking at a piece of paper with a "9" on it, and I could be sat opposite and say "no that's a 6" and we'd both be right because we just have different perspectives. I was struggling to keep a straight face to the extent that I nearly had to turn my camera off. Really makes u think.
