---
layout: post
title: "Week 286: Driving"
date: 2024-02-24
category: weaknotes
---
* How do.
* I took my driving test this week and I passed with two minors (driving too much over a mini-roundabout, and hesitation at a roundabout). On one level I can believe I passed because I was literally in the car, and I thought to myself "this is going quite well", but on the other hand _I cannot believe I passed_. I've been learning for _so long_ and I still dislike it _so much_. But apparently "having fun and being chill" is not part of the test.
* Lads, how driving tests work is that your instructor comes to your house, about 1hr 15 before your test and you do a little lesson to cover off any last minute nerves. So at 7:45am my instructor shows up and I am just such a mess. I cried so much in that lesson, I felt bloody wretched. By the time I got to my actual test it was absolutely tipping it down. I did a lot of worrying that I was driving too slowly because the conditions and visibility were so poor. I really wanted to increase the speed of the automatic windscreen wipers but I couldn't quite remember how to do it so I was also quite worried that I was going to fail because of that. My examiner, Zoë, had a very practiced cheerfulness, which made me feel sort of calm and sort of like I was in a piece performance art.
* While I took my test, Terry went for an egg mcmuffin at Maccy-D. Classic Terry.
* I cried when she Zoë told me I had passed and then I felt completely inside out for the next few days. I was pretending to be normal, but also all of my organs were on the outside of my body.
* Since passing my test I have done all the driving, even driving where I would have walked just so I can practice. Driving with just Chaz has been the best so far because I can say "am I doing good driving chaz?" and he says "yes mum you're doing good driving". Also he has much better taste in music than E so we get to listen to Queen instead of the god-forsaken bugsy malone sound-track for the thousandth time.
* I did drive in a bus lane for a bit too long while trying to merge into the traffic lane. It was dark OK! I will pay the fine.
* Lachie ran the Brighton half marathon this weekend. He got a Personal Best (PB). (Well done Lachie).
