---
layout: post
title: "Week 323: Smooth and crunchy"
date: 2024-11-09
category: weaknotes
---
* They elected him again??? *screaming intensifies*
* Meanwhile... in Brighton...
* On Saturday at the farmer's truck I saw a dog run full pelt into a wall. It made one hell of a crack. The dog was chasing a squirrel but the squirrel had jumped easily up the wall and the dog had tried to follow.
* Later that day I went into a new shop in town and tried to buy four flying saucer sweets. They came to 12p. The shop assistant told me not to bother paying. An excellent life hack there for anyone who wants free sweets. Later that day I paid £4 for a lolly shaped like a watermelon at the fun fair.
* One of the kids likes crunchy peanut butter and the other one likes smooth.
* On Sunday Smooth got into the swimming pool for his lesson and immediately told his instructor "my house has two pianos and two tvs". I love watching him talk to other people, people love him because he's so charming and silly. He spent the lesson pretending to be a "formulina" one driver and by the end they were saying "OK hamilton, let's see your kicking legs!"
* On Monday I woke up feeling stiff. My hands hurt and my knees ached. Grumpy at the prospect of returning to work I came down the stairs and heard Smooth and Crunchy talking. Smooth was telling Crunchy about a dream he'd had about a doggy who was like a pig and had lost his doggy necklace. They were sharing Crunchy's bed, cuddled up close, giggling. My stomach flipped.
* On the way to school he saw a classmate and ran up to her and slipped into step, holding her hand. His classmate's mum looked down in surprise to see she had acquired an extra child and then looked around to see me laughing five metres behind them.
