---
layout: post
title: "Week 287: Litter tray in the sky"
date: 2024-03-02
category: weaknotes
---
* A frustrating week. For the third(!) week(!) running(!) wee man got sent home from nursery with a fever. He seemed basically fine but the thermometer tells a different story. Love having it all. LOVE IT.
* I bought a standing desk. NEW HEALTH CENTURY.
* Whoever said "many can achieve, few can maintain" probably wasn't referring to flossing but I think about it every time I (don't) floss anyway.
* On one of the days this week I looked outside and wondered how much more water the ground could possibly take. Surely it's full. Surely.
* I know that's not how rain works.
* We've made it to March. I have a lot of birthday business this month. A weekend in Camber Sands, a spa day at the Newt(!), a birthday party in Fitzrovia. The thought "this is all a bit much isn't it?" keeps bubbling up in my subconscious before my conscious gently, respectfully and with love, reminds me that actually these are all shared with the _the three other people with whom I share a birthday_. My twin brother, my mum, and Russell. Mum is turning a significant number in base 10 which is why we're making a bigger fuss than usual.
* And of course there is Luis, from work, who also has the same birthday as me. In the glory-days, pre-covid, we used to buy each other a massive birthday cake, but it doesn't really work when you're remote.
* There is frogspawn in the pond and you will be happy to hear that unlike last year there has been no [frog massacre](https://alicebartlett.co.uk/blog/weaknotes-236) yet. Maybe because next door's cat has gone to that giant litter tray in the sky.
