---
layout: post
title: "Week 88: There is wee on every single available surface"
date: 2020-05-09
category: weaknotes
---
* People keep inviting me to group social zoom calls, which is a nice idea except for my monstrous personality which I don't really want to subject you all to. Like, sure, please invite the fun vampire to the call if you want me to show up, suck all the fun from everything and then talk about myself too much. That can be arranged. I am like this because I feel sad u guys!
* 🎻Cheer up tiny tears! 🎻
* Last week at the e-shep we did a video tour of each others spice cupboards. Mine was technically the best because we have one very shallow cupboard (one spice jar deep) and L has arranged all the herbs and spices by name and category (spice / herb). Russell's shelf was pretty great though - he had about 5 spice jars and a packet of 30 party poppers.
* I'm fully into the body-horror stage of pregnancy now. Little Brother has enough room to fully summersault around which you can see on the surface of my stomach.
* I am still mainlining ice.
* We started potty training this week. It seemed like a good idea because it's not like we're going anywhere. Wow there is a lot of urine on our carpets now. After a week, I'm not sure we're going to make it through, we might have to sack it off.
* I loved Normal People on BBC3. Some parts of it are so reminiscent of being at school that I get a slightly tight throat watching it.
* Did you know you can freeze humous?
* It was Edds final week at work this week. Although he is my work best friend, I didn't like him enough to change my non-working day so I could go to his virtual leaving drinks. I actually don't like anyone that much except maybe my partner.
* Today E drew a picture of a human face wearing glasses, just like no big deal. Just like, oh yes, here is mummy wearing her [sun]glasses. So on the one hand there is wee on every single available surface, but on the other hand she can draw faces with glasses and eyebrows.
