---
layout: post
title: "Week 85: A residual fuzz on the tongue"
date: 2020-04-18
category: weaknotes
---

* It seems like a long time ago but I had a really good long weekend, thanks for asking. Probably a combo of great weather and my new-found appreciation for being able to share parenting while not also doing work.
* When the nursery re-opens I am going to _immediately_ take a week off work. (Pls pray I'm not already on maternity leave)
* I still - despite meticulous planning - have not succeeded in buying the correct amount of food for a week for three people who eat every meal at home.
* I watched the Tiger King, I didn't really enjoy it at the time, and I am left with a residual fuzz on the tongue. Many of the people in it are so revolting that I feel actual disgust when I think about the show. The same feeling as seeing all the bits under the armrest of a train seat. Or when you get a coin and it has _something_ stuck to it but you don't know what. Or fat bergs.
* An unexpected side effect of being at home all the time is E has developed a new relationship with our neighbour who is also called Alice. She yells (very demandingly) "ARICE! ARICE! ARE YOU THERE?" whenever Alice is in her garden, and then makes Alice watch as she pushes her toys down the slide. Poor Alice. Alice has a grandson who is the same age as E so I hope maybe she doesn't mind these interactions.
* We bought Alice some flour and then she gave us some scones which she had made with the flour, _and_ she let us keep the tin. It was a very wholesome.
* I cried in front of the midwife who very sweetly told me I should take an hour a day "mum and baby time" where I get to be by myself to relax. I couldn't say to her "an hour from where...?" so I told her that I thought it was a good idea.
* Edd, Keran and I did a radio show for the team. It had jingles, adverts, music, an interview with one of the new engineers who has joined since lockdown, an interview with our Chief Product Officer, and a listener art contest to draw the best picture of the CPO's pug. It was very knock-off radio roundabout, but nobody I work with ever listened to that so nobody noticed I'd nicked all the jokes. We'll probably do another one since people seemed to like it. Handily, the format is much less effort to organise than a quiz, once you've made all the jingles and figured out how to pipe the audio from a hangout, spotify, and some other places into another hangout. Edd did the heavy lifting on that challenge, I hope he's going to write about it.
* New Killing Eve!
* Also started watching Devs on BBC2 which is good and has Ron Swanson from Parks and Rec and Solicitor David Lee (you'd know him if you saw him) from the Good Wife. It's Sci-Fi which isn't normally my bag, but it's light enough on the sci-fi that I'm into it.
