---
layout: post
title: "Week 173: Do the most"
date: 2021-12-25
category: weaknotes
---
* Happy Christmas to all those who celebrate.
* These notes are delayed because I was away for Christmas.
* For the first half of this week Lachie took the kids to his parents and I did various house maintenance jobs like dealing with the dangling wires that are coming out of our bathroom wall, painting said bathroom, and installing a mirror.
* Lachie is really the person in the house who would naturally do these jobs, but he wanted to return to the lush and green peak district so badly that he packed the kids into the car, pointed to where the drill was and left. Luckily, my mum was very up for staying with me for a few nights to help me out. She liked it so much she's talking about making it an annual tradition.
* So now:
  * Carpets have been shampooed (the colour of the water that came off of them, my god)
  * Mirror hung in the bathroom, actually a huge deal, cavity wall rawl plugs. What a nightmare.
  * Light in the bathroom that doesn't have an off switch because I didn't realise it wasn't connected to the main light switch until I tried to turn it off (Faaaaaaaaa)
  * Bathroom has been painted so it should no longer leech brown water when I shower.
  * Shelves in my office are up
* By some incredible good fortune, and I will be thankful for this forever, I have not caught Covid.
* I decided to go all-out on not catching Covid on the five hour train ride from Brighton to Lachie's family. You know, like, _do the most_. This exercise in extreme Covid-caution led me to leave my house at 3:30am, get the first train out of Brighton to St Pancras, and then the first train out of Euston to Manchester in first class. I got to Lachie's parent's house at 8:30 am and saw about seven people for the whole journey.
