---
layout: post
title: "Week 153: Friends"
date: 2021-08-07
category: weaknotes
---
* Friends, this week was good?
* The more senior you get in a job the longer it takes for a decision to pay off, or indeed fail. I'm going to be the tech director for customer products for another 3 months so it's a bit of a shame that I won't be able to see how the things I'm doing now would play out if I managed to keep doing them consistently for another six to twelve months.
* I've been reading Good Strategy Bad Strategy. I can feel it rewiring parts of my brain which is a pleasant sensation. I've never read a strategy book, or even a business book before so I have nothing to compare it to, but it's a pretty good signal that I am able to tolerate and even enjoy it, which is not something I'd expect to be able to say about a book on business strategy.
* [Wednesday] This weekend it is my brother's wedding, and from the wedding we are going for a week in Yorkshire with everyone from the other side of the family. For the last 10 days I've been hoping very hard that neither of the kids gets told to isolate, but it's Thursday now and I think we're in the clear.
* I went in to the office on Wednesday, it was very quiet and nobody on my team recognised me with my mask on. One of the reasons I was excited to go in was the prospect of being reunited with a pair of trousers I haven't been able to wear for 2 years because I was pregnant, and then away from the office. I had left them in one of my two work lockers, the one in the changing rooms. The changing room locker is one of a bank of about 100 identical lockers, with a pass code. I wasn't confident I would be able to remember which locker was mine, or what the code was but I needn't have worried. It turns out that from the last time I cycled in to work and used that locker, I had left the door unlocked. So I just walked up and there was all my stuff. Deodorant, a bra, two pairs of trousers and a jumper I actually thought I had lost. All waiting for me.
* I had lunch with [Chee](https://chee.snoot.club/) on the roof. Work friends. Have you seen the roof garden lately? It's bloody lovely up there. It was also very good to see you Chee.
* I've been plucking away at the Eve trouser pattern. I've even, very indulgently, been using the [online course](https://merchantandmillsclasses.com/the-eve-tutorial/). The online course is really good. Like, wow. I am actually blown away by how pleasant it is to work along to. I don't really need a course to tell me how to make trousers at this point but it's a lot easier than following a pattern, and since I'm doing it in tiny intervals in the evening when my brain isn't too fried from work, I need all the help I can get. It's also just _nice_ to see how other people sew things.
