---
layout: post
title: "Week 154: Yarf"
date: 2021-08-14
category: weaknotes
---
* Hello, last week's weaknote is also being published today because I was away.
* Bloody hell what a week.
* On Saturday it was my brother's wedding. The run up was a bit fraught because everybody was hoping very hard that it wouldn't be derailed by covid. On Friday we drove down to Dorset after work and camped in a field on the site of the reception. On Saturday morning at 7am baby C had a cheeky seizure in the tent. I was very chill about it this time because I knew the drill. We phoned 111 because that's what the hospital told us to do if it happened again, and they said he should probably go to A&E. So Lachie popped him in the car and went to A&E and me and E got ready for the wedding. Lachie wasn't back in time for the wedding ceremony, but he caught some of the reception. It was beautiful.
* If you'd like to know what the vibe is of a wedding where 99% of the wedding guests are professional dancers, many of whom all met through performing in "The Drowned Man", well, I'd say you could have a little think and work it out, but also I'll tell you: bananas.
* At about 3am, asleep in the tent, I woke up with the strong, overwhelming, urge to yarf and scrambled out of the tent to a nearby hedge and chucked up everything I had. "How unfair" I thought, "I barely drank anything". For the rest of the night I continued to do my little sicks and wonder if this is what being old and drinking is like. The next day I was very very hungover and we had to drive for 5.5 hours to our much anticipated holiday with Lachie's family in Yorkshire. We went to [The Best Service Station According to Which? Readers](https://www.which.co.uk/reviews/motorway-service-stations/article/best-and-worst-motorway-service-stations-aw3Ww9F9pEIw). When I got out of the car my arms and legs were so weak I didn't think I could carry baby C around the service station. "I can't believe I've done this to Lachie" I thought. "Gotten so drunk at a wedding he couldn't even go to that now he has to drive my useless corpse to Yorkshire _and_ look after the kids". He didn't complain of course. We made it to Yorkshire in the evening and I had an early bed time.
* The next day, finally in Yorkshire with everyone in Lachie's family (there were thirteen of us in total) we just noodled about. The place we stayed has:
  * An indoor swimming pool
  * A really good play room
  * Goats, sheep, llamas, chickens
  * A park, swings, trampoline, mud kitchen
It's just bloody perfect if you have kids, basically. And the people that run it are absolutely wonderful.
* On Tuesday morning E threw up. And I realised that the "hangover" was actually probably Norovirus. I spent the day looking after her - trying to catch the sick and stop it landing on anything difficult to wash. Cleaning everything she went near in an attempt to keep the Norovirus from spreading.
* On Wednesday Lachie and his brother started vomiting. I asked the staff for rubber gloves and more bleach, and told everyone who wasn't sick to leave me at the house and spend the day out and about.
* In the end I didn't manage to leave the house until Friday but at least nobody else got sick. On Friday we went to Ravenscar to look for fossils. I completely love seeing E and C playing with their cousins, it was a beautiful day.
* Things just keep on happening.
