---
layout: post
title: "Week 238: Bunk-hole"
date: 2023-03-25
category: weaknotes
---
* We have made it to socks and birks weather!
* I read [Do Lead](https://thedobook.co/products/do-lead-share-your-vision-inspire-others-achieve-the-impossible) this week. It's a great little low-grandeur book about leadership. Its main thesis is to upturn the common idea that a "leader" is a person who stands up in front of people and takes charge and is heroic. It's also very short. We love a short book over here at alicebartlett.co.uk.
* I'm going to be talking at a conference again. My first since 2019 apparently. I'm going to give some version of the talk I gave internally about why Sarah O'Connor's apostrophe is rendered inconsistently on FT.com. StaffPlus has a reeeeeally good line-up. I like to try to give the best talk at every conference, but idk man. This line up? I'd be happy for the middle of the pack. I'll accept 10th place.
* [Woman in the second half of her thirties voice] I am getting into gut health. Should I Zoe? Someone tell me.
* Also, [back in week 222](https://alicebartlett.co.uk/blog/weaknotes-222) I said the oral contraceptive (or at least the one I was on at the time) was making me feel dead inside, so I had sacked it off for a life of skanky skin and feelings. However! Instagram was really insistent that I try "Skin + Me" which is a custom-for-you cream that you use every night, and from the point at which I started using it to now I have not had a single break-out. So. There. You can use [ALICEB8CUC](https://www.skinandme.com/?promocode=ALICEB5CUC) for a discount and I get £10. Clear skin and feelings! 2023 baby!
* Lachie thinks this is a pyramid scheme.
* E has an imaginary friend. He has a very funny name but out of respect for his privacy I won't write it here.
* I have planted my tomato seeds, I will have 1000 tomatoes this summer.
* Are you sure you don't have threadworms right now? Really sure though? 100% confident? Didn't your bum feel a bit itchy the other day? On Thursday night I lay awake wondering if I had worms or just your common-or-garden itchy bunk-hole. I still don't know.
* After last week's note I got an email from a stranger that was so kind that I literally had to lie completely flat on the floor for a bit. Thanks for writing in.
