---
layout: post
title: "Week 249: Raspberry ice cream"
date: 2023-06-11
category: weaknotes
---
* I am writing a talk about how we've fixed the rendering of apostrophes in two journalists names (eg Sinéad O'Connor) so they are consistently curly. When I came to grab a screen shot of the newly consistent apostrophe, I realised that the system we had build had actually _reintroduced_ the bug everywhere, instead of fixing it everywhere. Don't worry Sinéad, the system is not live yet.
* Anyway that's how I ended up writing some typescript this week. By design, this new system gives us one place to add this kind of change to and that place is obvious. So it was a pleasant and quick fix, and the team didn't roast me at all in the PR review.
* I made some Raspberry ice cream this week.
* I went to the newly opened Sea Lanes swimming pool. Outdoors, on the beach, somewhat heated lane swimming. Fantastic.
* I took two runs, a speed run and a long run.
* Work gifted me an argument with a type foundry and _oh man_ do I love arguing with type foundries alongside our chief legal counsel. Actually I'm sort of behind him. More of a Richard Hammond than a Jeremy Clarkson. Anyway, fun problem!
* I am currently in the running for a haunted cursed shiny bauble. :sweat baby sweat:
* Chaz's best friend at nursery's favourite song is "We will rock you". I noticed C singing it to himself (just the chorus) and so I put it on the sonos and watched him intently. My God. His tiny little face when he realised this was a real song. rip me. ded.
* Let me be reincarnated as the newt in our pond that likes to hang out in the unfurled lily pads.
* E has started making and taking her own packed lunches to school.
* The first sweet pea has arrived. There are oxeye daisies in the wild flower meadow this year. Pea haul is still paltry but E takes them (in pod) to school with her packed lunch. PLEASE LET IT RAIN.
* I think I'm going to postpone failing my driving test to later in the year :(
