---
layout: post
title: "Week 237: It's a classic for a reason"
date: 2023-03-18
category: weaknotes
---
* Only 2 additional dead frogs this week 📉
* Low key drama in the street whatsapp about a ginger tom cat who is bullying all of the other neighbourhood cats. Nobody is fessing up to owning the bully cat. I'm keeping my opinions to myself (ACAB), and not mentioning the bucket of dead frogs I buried last week.
* I got some feedback (not from any of you, don't worry!) and let me tell you, the shit sandwich - [paleslimghost voice] _it's a classic for a reason_.
* [Heather Small Voice] I did have to search for the hero inside myself several times this week. She had retired from acts of heroism to live a life of peace and solitude in a remote part of my intestinal tract, but I pleaded with her and she came back to calmly dismantle the absolute _pickle_ that I found myself in.
* Look - if school strikes weren't inconvenient then they wouldn't do them OK.
* E and I got a bus to Rottingdean on Strike Day 1. I don't know how people come up with names but _Rotting_dean? Really? We're sure about this? It's not maybe a little... unappealing? We looked around a bit and then walked the 3 miles back home, combing the beach for interesting bits of detritus along the way.
* Lxds, I cried in my driving lesson. Finally happened. My instructor said "you seem a little down?", and you know, needled me directly in my soft emotional underbelly. It's good though - I now know I can cry and drive at the same time which is definitely going to come in handy sooner or later.
* On Friday night [Phil](https://www.gyford.com/), [Russell](https://russelldavies.typepad.com/) and I invited the venn intersection of our friendship group plus some others to a joint 145th birthday party. It was certainly the best 145th birthday party I have ever been to. I ordered some custom pencils from a great little shop in Elgin called [Pencil Me In](https://pencilmeinshop.co.uk/).
* It would have been great to have some photos of this party where so many people that I really like came out and put on a party hat and were nice to me, but I did not take a single picture. Zero! Why am I like this.
