---
layout: post
title: "Week 234: A bit scabby"
date: 2023-02-25
category: weaknotes
---
* Ahhhhhhhhhh
* [Here's a video of an internal talk I gave about Sarah O'Connor's apostrophe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8HudivnmF8). I watched it back (which I rarely do with my own talks) and my tasting notes are as follows:
  * Poor choice of outfit - I think I was wearing a nice jumper but then I was too warm so you see my boring uniqlo long sleeve t-shirt.
  * Sound quality is patchy because I keep moving away from the mic - soz.
  * The talk is pretty good, but in the middle where I go into how we render the HTML of a byline I didn't spend enough time on that to make it interesting.
  * Overall I can see many small improvements I could make to this to make it an absolute banger.
  * Too many references to internal people for this to work externally. Although some of it is improvised. The bit where I say "shout-out to John Halton" for example is because he is the FT's assistant general counsel and for some reason he was in the audience.
  * The reason he was in the audience is because he is _really cool_ and has loves tech as well as protecting the FT from libel cases.
* Most of this week I was back with my parents working out of my mum's enamelling workshop as Chaz worked through the chicken pox. This is the kind of juggling you end up having to do when you've got kids. Besides being a bit scabby and a little uncomfortable he is fine. He spent a lot of the week watching [3D botmaker videos with his Grandad](https://www.youtube.com/@3Dbotmaker). If you have a child who likes toy cars you're gonna love it.
* While we were in Buxton we went to [a restaurant](https://thelounges.co.uk/sacro/) and I was like... this feels a bit out of place for Buxton and also very similar to a place in Brighton. Then I noticed the menus are the same and then it occurred to me that this must be a massive chain of restaurants and I had never noticed! Reading their website, there are in fact 190 "Lounges" in the UK which is loads?!
